There are three main types of domesticated violence arrest laws manifest in the United States. The arrest regulations employed by various states include mandatory arrest, pro - arrest, and permissive arrest laws. Consequently, on that point often arises a debate on which of the policies serves best in protecting the victims of domestic violence. As a result, thither are endless arguments on the strengths and limitations of each regulation, as postulated by scholars and laypeople alike. However, the best method of discerning which stipulations best protect victims involves gathering data on which technique lead to lower re - offending rates. The primary aim of any domestic violence arrest law is to protect the victim and assure no recurrence of the cruelty within homes while also preserving families. Surveys from the criminal justice system indicate that only 10% of arrested individuals go on to re - offend, while 26% of those forced to leave / separated re - offended, and 18% of those placed under counseling re - offended (Karmen, 2020 ). The data suggests that arrests effectively reduce re - offending rates, which goes a long way in protecting victims. As such, mandatory stoppage policies requiring the police officer to arrest wherever there is probable cause that force happened are most critical. Such laws act as effective deterrence against DV, as the data suggests. Furthermore, mandatory arrest policies place the entire burden of arrest on the police. Hence, the already traumatized victim endures less pressure concerning the arrest of their spouse, enhancing the chances of perpetrator reforms and preservation of the marriage. According to Karmen (2020 ), mandatory arrest policies importantly remove the immediate generator of danger from home, protecting the victim. Mandatory arrests separate married couples to allow them time to reflect on their marriage and find the way forward. In many instances, the policies remove the need for retribution against the offender by the battered spouse. The offender ’ s removal protects both the offender and victim from further crimes and homicides. According to the National Institute of Justice department, mandatory arrest laws are the most prevalent in US states, indicating a widespread agreement on their effectiveness.