Introduction
Coordination in healthcare is a critical activity supporting healthcare’s efficient and successful transmission. Healthcare regulations, ethical resource development, and many other essential aspects of healthcare should be considered while coordinating treatment for patients. Care coordination also considers a patient’s psychological requirements, cultural viewpoint, ethics, and other specific features that provide satisfaction throughout the treatment process. A selected patient’s hypertension will be examined, and a tentative care coordination plan prepared to address the patient’s needs. Hypertension is a condition in which blood pressure is greater than it should be. Nearly 50% of the US population from around 54 to 74 years has hypertension (Carey & Whelton, 2018). Thus, a coordinated care plan will benefit the patient and anybody else who may be affected by the condition. The number of instances of hypertension has risen, and the primary reason is people’s lifestyles.

Patient-Centered Health Interventions
Effective interventions should place the patient at the heart of the treatment and clinical endeavors. Patient-centered care entails including the patient in the treatment process and taking an active role. Patients may make a significant difference in the quality of healthcare they get if they are adequately involved (Fowler, 2017). The patient in this study was a 65-year-old woman diagnosed with hypertension in July 2019. The important statistics are BP 141/90, HR 108 bpm, temperature 38 °C, and RR 37 bpm. When the patient learned about her illness, she became interested in care coordination and made the plan better and faster. She stated that she was eager to learn more about the disease and what she could do to maintain a normal life despite having a disability. Her hypertension would cause several health problems; thus, it was critical to point out three of them.

Stroke or Heart Attack
A heart attack can occur because of the hardening and thickening of the arteries caused by hypertension (atherosclerosis). It is common knowledge that a heart attack happens when there is a blockage of blood flow to the heart, resulting in a blood clot formation. A stroke is a similar obstruction of blood flow but affects the brain (Wang et al., 2018). They do, nevertheless, follow a similar pattern, and patients with high blood pressure should be on the lookout for any of these health problems since they are more likely to occur.

The best ways to prevent heart problems for the patient in question include quitting smoking and drinking alcohol, getting enough exercise, managing their blood sugar and cholesterol levels, and losing or maintaining their current weight. With the support of a medical coordination cooperation team, the patient can accomplish this. Another way to improve this is to incorporate a shared resource to provide the patient with more information about their treatment options (Wang et al., 2018). Health Partners Regional Hospital, Mayo Clinic, and University of Minnesota Medical Center are excellent community resources.

Depression
Learning about hypertension might significantly affect a patient’s mental and emotional health. Because this is a long-term ailment, the patient will need to alter her lifestyle and spend a significant amount of money to guarantee that she receives the best possible treatment (Fowler, 2017). All of these things may take a toll on the patient. Depression is a serious problem because its symptoms and indications might be mistaken for those of other medical conditions.

In the treatment of depression, patient-centered interventions include ensuring that the patient maintains her daily activities, uses medication when symptoms appear, educates the patient about depression, and gets the patient’s social circle more involved in her overall health and well-being (Wang et al., 2018). The University of Minnesota Medical Center, Mayo Clinic, psychiatric hospitals, the Minnesota Department of Human Services, and other community services might be consulted if a patient suffers from depression.

Dementia
Blocked arteries cause vascular dementia, and constricted arteries hinder blood flow to the brain. Strokes are thought to be a contributing factor in people developing dementia. Cognitive decline is one of the hallmarks of dementia (decline in memory, problem-solving skills, and language) (Fowler, 2017). Patients with high blood pressure should know that poor health and lifestyle decisions can lead to dementia, a chronic and progressive disease.

Workouts, multisensory stimulation, and medication are all examples of patient-centered therapies (pharmacology). Reminiscence, reassurance, and aromatherapy are some of the methods used to treat those with dementia (Wang et al., 2018). The Minnesota Guardians Pharmacy, the University of Minnesota Medical Center, and the Mayo Clinic are among the local community services that can assist patients in dealing with dementia.

Ethical considerations in patient-centered healthcare interventions
Healthcare has a crucial role in upholding ethical standards and should be performed following moral principles. According to the Institute of Medicine (IOM), patient-centered treatment includes ethical considerations as a core component (Fowler, 2017). This includes making sure