Most writers rely on their stories’ pivotal points to fully develop particular characters. The readers gain a vivid picture of the genuine nature of the characters by narrating their interactions with others, discussions, and actions. The authors use this methodology to bring their characters to life in their stories. Mr. Kapasi, the driver who also performs the role of a tour guide for the Das family, is divulged more via his interlinkages with Mrs. Das than any other personas in Jhumpa Lahiri’s short novel Interpreter of Maladies .
In his late forties, Mr. Kapasi, a brilliant Indian man who has lost romantic values in his marriage, is the protagonist of this short narrative told in limited omniscience. Mr. Kapasi is precise in his physical appearance and possesses several qualities such as observance, hard work, modesty, dependability, and intelligence. He is well-educated, works two jobs that need him to employ his linguistic skills, and goes through life without his wife’s affection. He’s quick to point out the parallels and contrasts between tourists and himself. As a result, the paper looks at how Lahiri portrays Mr. Kapasi through his relationships with Mrs. Das and the story’s indirect depiction of Mrs. Das.
It is revealed how Mr. Kapasi views himself and his love life through their connection and communication. For example, he regards his marriage as a failure and aspires to more romantic life. To do something about it, he creates a fantasy in which he imagines himself in an intimate relationship with Mrs. Das, who he believes is suffering from the same issues. His wife has alienated him and disapproves of his second job as a doctor’s interpreter, as seen by their interactions. His wife seemed preoccupied with their son’s death, which occurred at the hospital where Mr. Kapasi works as an interpreter. Mrs. Das has similar feelings as the protagonist. She is also stuck in a loveless relationship. Mr. Kapasi fantasizes about probable similarities between himself and Mrs. Das initially, but when he learns more about Mrs. Das’s personality, he is disappointed.
He chooses closeness between them as a token of his gratitude for Mrs. Das’s kindred spirit in describing his job as ‘romantic,’ believing that it is the only way suitable to escape his loneliness. Although his attitude does not substitute when he discovers that the woman is not the one he envisages in his delusion, this conversation demonstrates his grateful and empathetic character. It occurs after she tells him about her adulterous affair with her husband’s buddy, through which she produced a son. “Is it agony you’re feeling, Mrs. Das, or is it guilt?” he wonders after hearing her narrative of unfaithfulness (Lahiri 120). This inquiry expresses his sorrow for Mr. Das once he discovers how evil the woman he had thought was good has turned out to be.
Mr. Kapasi realizes that he has exaggerated the depth of his troubles with his wife after listening to Mrs. Das’ confession. He realizes that considerably deteriorated cases could have made him perceive even worse than he does now if they had transpired to him. Mr. Kapasi appears to have no genuine experience in comprehending people, regardless of his faculty, to elucidate some health and related concerns for many individuals, as seen by his wife’s incorrect view of the woman he once dreamed of.Mr. Kapasi’s character would not have been revealed explicitly without Mrs. Das in the short story Interpreter of Maladies. The other characters he meets and interacts with are unconcerned about his safety. They treat him as if he were a second-class citizen, exactly like they treat each other. Mr. Das, for example, is unconcerned about Mr. Kapasi because they have never met. As a result, it is feasible to conclude that Mrs. Das’ character is crucial since she aids in revealing and displaying Mr. Kapasi’s actual personality, which would otherwise stay underdeveloped if she had not appeared.
Mrs. Das is a catalyst for story development and a medium for societal commentary in Jhumpa Lahiri’s intricately gorgeous novel The Interpreter of Maladies. Mrs. Das is a direct cultural contrast to Mr. Kapasi through her indirect portrayal, propelling the plot while providing sad social commentary. The Das family meets Mr. Kapasi as they prepare for their journey through India. It is noted that Mr. Kapasi thought it weird that “Mr. Das should refer to his wife by her first name when speaking to the small girl” (Lahiri 30). It is instantly evident that there is a cultural divide between Kapasi and the Das family. When “Mr. and Mrs. Das behaved like an elder brother and sister, not parents, the cultural divide becomes evident” (Lahiri 56). As in the case of Mrs. Das and Mr. Kap