A cardiopulmonary attack happens when the heart suddenly ceases to pump blood, causing the victim to become unconscious and show no signs of blood flow and breathing. Instant death can occur if corrective steps are not implemented quickly enough. One of Australia’s leading causes of mortality and morbidity is cardiovascular arrest. Each year, around 5,000 Australians under the age of 50 suffer suspected cardiovascular arrest. Ninety percent of the victims die directly as a result of the arrest. Cardiac arrest can occur in anyone, regardless of age or health history, but it is more likely in people already diagnosed with heart problems. Therefore, early defibrillation and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) preserve a person’s life and decrease any lengthy neurological dysfunction.
The chances of survival of a patient requiring resuscitation depend on the correct application of the CPR procedure and the immediate collaborative response of the medical teams. The video obtained from YouTube attempts to illustrate the basic steps for appropriate CPR and the use of a defibrillator. According to the video, a nurse enters the room and observes no patient activity on the bed after calling the patient’s name and receiving no response. The nurse responds by calling out to her colleagues for assistance. When a patient fails to respond to tactile or verbal stimuli, it is best recommended that the nurse or any healthcare worker call for help. The Australian Resuscitation Council (ARC) guideline three recommends that healthcare workers call for help from colleagues in case of a cardiac arrest. Since cardiac arrest can cause neurological dysfunction within a few minutes of its initiation, it is critical for teamwork among the medical personnel.
Before making any clinical decisions or commencing CPR, it is necessary to evaluate the patient’s airway and assess whether or not CPR should be initiated. A comprehensive but quick examination of the airway is essential for managing patients who require immediate CPR. According to ARC guideline four, clearing the airway includes opening the mouth and gently lowering the head to enable any visible foreign material, such as food, blood, vomit, or fluids, to drain. Fingertips can be used to remove noticeable foreign material by sweeping. The finger sweep is beneficial in cases of unconscious adults and children older than one-year-old who has a foreign body airway obstruction. However, the person clearing the mouth from foreign material should be careful enough to avoid being bit and to avoid causing harm to the patient.
Additionally, if the airway gets obstructed during resuscitation, the patient should immediately be turned onto their side to clear it. After clearing the airway, it is crucial to review responsiveness and regular breathing. In the video, the nurse only listens if the breath sounds are audible but misses to confirm any obstruction in the mouth. The guideline also recommends that the airway be opened using the head tilt-chin maneuver. Furthermore, the team initiated CPR without confirming the presence or absence of pulsation. The carotid pulse should be monitored at the beginning and during resuscitation to assess whether or not CPR should be performed.
Another essential aspect of CPR is the insertion of a large-bore intravenous cannula. In emergencies such as cardiac arrest, health workers need to act quickly in obtaining intravenous access as it enhances adequate infusion of fluids at a faster rate. Additionally, it guarantees that emergency drugs, such as epinephrine, are supplied promptly to achieve peak blood concentration. Epinephrine is an emergency drug given intravenously in the video. The administration of intravenous drugs in the video aligns with ARC guideline (9.2), which needs fluid and drug administration via intravenous access, which is critical in reviving the patient. Fluid infusion is vital for patients who have suffered a cardiac attack to facilitate tissue perfusion.
The ability to breathe normally is critical to preserving life. Resuscitation is required for a patient who gasps or not breathing regularly and is unresponsive. According to the ARC guideline five, the medical team looks, listens, and feels while checking the patient’s breathing pattern. They should look for movements in the abdominal area or lower chest. They should also listen for air escaping from the mouth or nose and feel for movements in the nose and mouth. In the video, the nurse actively listens for the presence or absence of air moving through the nose and mouth in accordance with the ARC recommendations.
During resuscitation, breaths can be given to the patient by various methods depending on the setting or skills of the caregiver. These include mouth-to-mouth rescue breaths, mouth-to-nose, mouth-to-stoma, mouth-to-mask, and bag valve masks. In the video, breaths are given via a bag valve mask. Ventilation with a bag valve mask is another means of giving rescue breathing. An inflating bag is connected to a non-rebreather valve and a face mask to form a bag valve mask gadget. A clear airway (Guideline 4), an appropriate mask seal, and an