The Concept Of Colonialism
The term "colonialism" is used to characterize the system of domination of the developed countries of Europe (since the end of the XV century) and the USA (since the XIX century) (Cooper, 2002). It occupied vast areas of Asia, Africa, Latin America, Australia and Oceania until the early 1960s (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). Colonialism also took place in Japan (in the 1st half of the XX century) over a number of areas of East Asia and Oceania (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020).
The formation of the system of colonialism began in the era of Great Geographical Discoveries. In the XV-XX centuries there were many colonial empires (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The British Empire, the German Colonial Empire, the Spanish Colonial Empire, the Dutch Colonial Empire, the Portuguese Colonial Empire, the French Colonial Empire. Belgium, Denmark, Italy, the USA, Sweden, Japan, etc. had extensive colonial possessions. The system of colonialism of the XV-XIX centuries was characterized by the desire to establish a monopoly in trade with conquered territories (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The seizure and plundering of entire countries were often accompanied by the destruction of a significant part of their population. The use of harsh forms of exploitation of the indigenous inhabitants of colonies and slave labor were often involved. Colonial policy during this period was carried out in many cases by specially created large privileged companies, such as East India Companies.
From the 2nd half of the XIX century, the exploitation of colonies through unequal trade exchange began to play an important role (Rodney & Davis, 1972). Colonies were turned into agricultural and raw materials appendages of metropolises with a monocultural direction of agricultural development and into markets for industrial products. At the end of the XIX century, the dependent territories and colonies came under the direct state administration of the metropolises (Cooper, 2002). By 1914, colonies and dependent countries accounted for about 66.8% of the territory and 60% of the world's population (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The national liberation movement in the colonies was brutally suppressed by the metropolises. The struggle between the leading powers for the redistribution of colonies was of no small importance for the beginning of the First World War.
Features of Colonialism
The period of colonialism is characterized by some key features: strong states militarily seized undeveloped countries and state entities. The population of the colonies was exploited by feudal lords and slave owners. The metropolises established a monopoly on trade relations with the colonial territories. In fact, the metropolises used the colonized territories only for their enrichment. They accumulated their own capital, thereby further strengthening their positions, becoming world leaders (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The largest colonial empire in the history of mankind was Britain: it had colonies on every continent. Among the most famous of them are the USA, Canada, Australia, India. Many African countries were also dependent on Britain.
The center of the colonial empire was the metropolis: domination was expressed either in the form of a dominion, that is, the government was carried out by governor, or in the form of a protectorate. European countries sought not only to own large territories, but also to spread their culture. The Spaniards forcibly carried out Catholicization and Hispanization of the population, the Dutch carried out apartheid and the imprisonment of Africans in reservations (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). There was a division of the existence of the colonists and the local population, religious communities were formed separately. The colonial administration actively supported local conflicts, for example, the clash of Hindus and Muslims in India (Rodney & Davis, 1972). Decolonization took place after the Second World War; before it, the uprising in Madagascar and the rebellion in Tunisia lasted six years (Rodney & Davis, 1972).
Pursued Goals
The established colonial regime pursued certain goals: dependent countries were used as markets for the sale of their products by Europeans as the profit received was higher there. An important factor was the supply of cheap raw materials to the European part of the continent. Due to the exploitation of colonies, the profit of the colonizers increased. This made it possible to increase the wages of their employees; criminal elements were sent to new territories (Rodney & Davis, 1972). The local population could be used for heavy work; in addition to economic interests, the colonies were used as points for the formation of military bases. This was necessary to maintain the international status and strengthen the security of each empire; the colonialism of territories here was very convenient