Introduction
Throughout the history of the United States, the country was the primary direction for out-migration from Latin America. Hispanic and Latino migrants from different countries started to come to the U.S. before the beginning of the Gold Rush. In the following centuries, the influx of Hispanic migrants to the country increased significantly. This paper will consider the conditions of Hispanic out-migration to the U.S. and the reasons that caused the migration of the discussed populations. In addition, different views on Hispanic migration and its effect on the country, including the current impact, will be examined.
History of Hispanic Migration
The Gold Rush
Although the Hispanic minority was present on the territory of the United States since the annexation of Florida and Louisiana, the first great migration started after the end of the U.S.-Mexican War. The end of the war coincided with the discovery of gold in California and led to the first significant influx of Latino migrants to the U.S. (D. Gutiérrez). In addition, the treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo signed in 1848 resulted in the territories of California, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah being surrendered by Mexico to the United States (Gregory). Thus, the Hispanic individuals living in these states were naturalized as U.S. citizens, and several thousands of Mexican migrants came to California to work in the gold mines. Overall, most Hispanic migrants to the U.S. in the second half of the 19th century were Mexican.
First Half of the 20 th Century
The migration from Latin American countries to the United States continued during the 20th century. In the first half of the century, Mexican comprised the majority of the Hispanic migrants to the country, with a small proportion of immigrants from the Caribbean countries. The influx of migrants can be explained by the acceleration of the agricultural sector in the U.S. and the need for seasonal farmworkers (R. Gutiérrez 3). Although many Latino immigrants were deported during this time, the government invited Mexican laborers to work in the defense industries and the agricultural sector due to the lack of workers caused by the Second World War (Gregory). Thus, the second wave of Hispanic migration was characterized by the need for workers.
Second Half of the 20 th Century
During the second half of the 20th century, the Hispanic migration to the U.S. became more diverse. Migrants from Puerto Rico and Cuba were granted permission to enter the country as the former were considered U.S. citizens, while the latter were granted the status of refugees due to Cuba being a Communist country (Gregory). Migrants from other Latin American countries were scarcer due to fewer quotas for the number of persons allowed in the U.S. granted to them.
Reasons for Migration and Migration Conditions
The reasons for Hispanic migrants to travel to the United States are varied. However, it can be argued that the economic reason was and remains most prominent. The country offered high wages for unskilled labor that compared favorably with the wages offered for the same work in the Latin American and Caribbean countries (Sánchez-Alonso 11). Compared to Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, and other nations, the United States offered more opportunities for migrants from those countries. In addition, various political events, such as the Mexican Revolution, contributed to many people being displaced and immigrating to a safer country (D. Gutiérrez). Most Hispanic migrants opted to move to the United States for economic reasons.
It should be noted that a large percentage of immigrants moved to the U.S. as spouses or children of American citizens. In the first waves of migration, spouses often came to the country together. However, most women worked in the household, with under 20% of Hispanic female migrants obtaining positions outside it, primarily in the domestic and personal service sector (R. Gutiérrez 8). Later, the migration trend changed to male migrants coming to the country first in order to find work and establish themselves in the United States before their families could join them. Thus, legislation allowed legal spouses, minor children, and parents of adult U.S. citizens to move to the country (R. Gutiérrez 15). Overall, the conditions of Hispanic individuals migrating to the United States changed substantially throughout history.
Views on Hispanic Migration to the U.S.
The Hispanic migration to the country was a divisive topic, and people with distinct points of view saw the issues differently. During the Gold Rush and the first half of the 20th century, Hispanic migrants were often victimized and discriminated against due to their ethnicity (R. Gutiérrez 22). However, employers considered migrants essential to maximize profit (R. Gutiérrez 22). In 1965, the Hart-Celler Act was established to prevent discrimination and better account for immigrants coming to the U.S. from different countries, affecting many ethnic minorities (R. G