The modern world is constantly evolving, and its improvements impact civil litigation in the United States. The U.S. justice system continues to fulfill its primary mission by adjudicating cases on the merits of conflicts or resolving legal disputes through other established methods. While the primary mission of the court system has remained, some features of dispute resolution are different. Civil lawsuits have transformed over time, and these changes directly affect criminal justice professionals. 

It is noteworthy that the period between the 1970s and 1980s was a crisis in the U.S. judicial system. It manifested itself in a multiplication of the number of court appeals, the duration of cases, and the parties’ litigation costs. Therefore, the need to reform the system, which was not coping with many lawsuits, emerges. Most of the transformations concerned civil cases’ subject matter and complexity, but decision terms were prolonged. 

The extensive caseload was the reason for judges to take up civil cases. The concept of geographic uniformity was no longer actively used, and Congress authorized the judiciary to amend and have exclusive authority over the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. This reform has led to duplication of cases, increasing costs, and delays. The sweeping changes impacted all elements of civil litigation and gave criminal justice professionals a stimulus to be more assertive in their cases. Criminal justice professionals came under pressure for the enormous growth of issues and overhead. Employees became highly frustrated, making civil litigation even more frustrating and time-consuming. 

Civil litigation has been plagued by the many changes that have been necessary because of the crisis of the judicial system. The subjects of lawsuits, the length of the litigation process, its peculiarities, and its size have altered. Despite this, costs and delays are still high, and the system is not functioning completely. Moreover, all of the reforms directly affected criminal justice professionals. Still, they have not been favorable or effective because they have provided little encouragement to undertake meaningful activities.