The prosperity of the 14-15th centuries, also known as the triumph of the late Middle Ages, is a term used in Western historiography to refer to the flourishing processes that took place in some countries of Western Europe. Western historians, considering the socio-economic processes in some European countries in the 14-15th centuries, paid particular attention to the “prosperous phenomena” in the European economy of these periods. They put in the first place the movement of prices, population, “flourishing” of lands, and others as determining factors of progress. Although the Middle Ages were once seen as a time of ignorance and social oppression, it is now understood as a dynamic period during which the idea of Europe as a separate cultural unit appeared.
Since the 20s of the 14th century, the economic upturn in the history of Europe has begun. The population was increasing, while cultivated lands were thriving. Cities were flourishing, agricultural and industrial products were expanding, technological progress was advancing, the development of trade, primarily foreign exchange, was accelerating, prices were rising. Additionally, the period is characterized mainly by overcoming feudal fragmentation and the formation of centralized states in France and England. Using the financial resources of the cities, the kings could constantly maintain a mercenary army to fight rebellious feudal lords. The appearance of firearms at the beginning of the XIV century reduced the importance of chivalry. Castles could not withstand artillery, and the appearance of hand-held firearms made heavy knight armor meaningless.
After the period of rapid population growth, Europe faced the expansion phase. It has been traditionally believed that the late Middle Ages is vividly characterized by demographic boom. There were three significant factors for the progress: technological advancement, abundance, and numerous alliances. In addition, the favorable weather conditions were also to praise since winters became mild at the end of the 13th century. The soil was fertile for planting crops which improved the nutrition of European residents. At the time of the Great Abundance, thousands of people thrived daily from abundance, parents shared and enjoyed meals with their children, generosity was widespread. Hence, the population strived to thrive and focused on materialistic goals.
The other reason for the prosperity was the innovation which quickly spread around Europe and brought prosperity to millions of people. It is believed that the innovative ideas have penetrated almost every corner of the continent, improving from 30 to 50 percent of the population. The mass who embraced the new ideas gave rise to progress, innovation, and order. For the joy of getting inspired, anyone who embraced the new ideas was encouraged to spread them to others. The creativity epidemic, which intensified along with the spread of innovation, motivated the authorities to adopt special laws that rewarded those who contributed to the advancement of society. Together with the inspired, creative people shared their ideas, who was found in the same house with the innovative or creative, which encouraged people to share their ideas and openly discuss them. Therefore, the contemporaries again had the only goal – progress.
Ultimately, the innovations created favorable conditions for the Europeans in the late Middle Ages. The promotion of creativity caused peasants to collaborate with the nobles. Being a peasant was viewed as something honorable, which promoted wealth and status. While the aristocracy was accustomed to a luxurious lifestyle, the poor admired their success. Hence, these two classes were working together with increased collaboration. However, the nobles supported those from lower stratification since they had more resources. In addition, the Era of Enlightenment, Renaissance, Scientific Revolution, and some others have greatly improved the European territory leading to political, economic, and social harmony. Consequently, the population was thriving to make progress and contribute to society.
For all its diversity, spirituality and culture of the Middle Ages were built around one vector. Religion permeated all spheres of life in medieval society and changed their perception of growth. The Church continued to promote faith to a large extent, encouraging religious sects and urging priests to guide unorthodox followers. Meanwhile, the peasantry started practicing ancient customs and began merging them with modern ones. The Church has become the center of social unity, strengthening the political influence of the Papacy in the 14th century. It further led to the development of independent centralized states.
The religious assumptions have also given rise to the progress of art and sciences, initiated by the development of universities and the spread of scholarship. The revived interest in ancient literature led to the Italian Renaissance. Antiquities, including books, have been accumulating in Europe since the Crusades. The invention of printing also contributed to the spread of knowledge. Previously rare and costly books gradually became publicly available, preparing the European reformation.
The first Italian humanist, Francesco Petrarch, revived man’s science – humanities. Humanists believed that eternal truths were hidden under cover of the poetic fiction of ancient literature. They rejected the totality of academic knowledge with its ontological problems and brought to the fore ethics, the science