Introduction
Darren Aronofsky is an independent American filmmaker who explores various psychological themes in his movies. While all of them are different, they may be classified as psychological thrillers, with surrealism and magical realism elements. In his various films, Aronofsky shows themes of deep psychology: love, hate, addictions, genius, relationships between humans. Mysticism and surrealism are often present: paranormal phenomena and fantastical events interrupt the main realistic narrative to highlight the central ideas of each film. Archetypical plots, such as biblical legends, are used by Aronofsky as a basis for films mother! and Noah . He often changes the original plot to make it more suitable for modern realities. In other films, such as Requiem for a Dream , and Black Swan , he explores the various pathological states of human consciousness.
Films Analysis
Mother!
The film’s main heroes are the couple living an ordinary and happy life. They both have self-describing names: a man is called Him, and a woman’s name is Mother. Him is a poet, and at the beginning of the film, he is struggling with writing block; while he is doing that, the house where he lives looks like burned remains. He places the crystal object on a pedestal, and then the remnants transform into a full and beautiful home. This fantastic scene symbolizes the power of creation, and one may already see the allegory to the creation of the world by God, and the name Him may as well be an allegory for God. Mother is his wife and muse, inspiring Him to write poems, which are usually commercially successful: he has many fans. Then, a stranger appears in Him’s house, who presents himself as Man; he pretends to be in search of a bed, but it turns out that he is the admirer of Him’s literature. Him is generous, and he agrees that Man may stay in his house and obtain help.
Soon, he and Mother notice that Man has a deadly wound and will probably die shortly. Before that, there are several scenes of the beating heart; their meaning will be revealed at the film’s end. After some time, Man’s wife arrives, whose name is Woman, and they both stay at the Him’s house. One may see that their names symbolize manhood and womanhood in general and are allegories of biblical legend about Adam and Eve, the first people on Earth. Mother is dissatisfied by their presence and is visibly annoyed while preparing food for them. Him, however, argues that they have the right to obtain help, as they are in a hard situation. Soon, two sons of Man and Women arrive, quarreling about their father’s will; Mother becomes even more displeased. Sons’ argument becomes brutal, and in the end, one of them kills the other.
In the second part of the film, which starts the next morning after their intercourse, Mother understands that she is pregnant, and Him is inspired by that. He writes much more actively, and his poems have an enormous commercial success. Their life with Mother becomes happy and fruitful; however, when they organize a lunch, the mob of savage Him’s fans appears. The film ends tragically: while covering him by adulation, the mob behaves themselves as beasts and smashes Him’s house. He does not know how to stop this and is seemingly passive and disoriented. When pregnant Mother tries to stop them, they rape and maul her, and she eventually retreats to the basement. Then, she burns out the house, leaving the burning remnants seen at the beginning of the film.
mother! has many hidden meanings, connected with symbolic representations used widely throughout the film. Names of characters are chosen carefully, and scenes are designed to show the dramatism of the situation. An example is the close-up scene of bleeding Mother, which is repeated at the beginning and at the end of the film. Aronofsky implied a strong environmentalist message in the film: the rape and killing of Mother by the crowd symbolize the terrible and unstoppable consumption of Earth resources by people; Mother refers to Mother Nature. When she is brutally mauled at the film’s end, it is a bright metaphor to the unconscious mob of humans who maul the Earth ecosphere similarly. Him symbolizes the God who creates the Earth and Nature again and again: at the end of the film, he asks Mother for her love. When she consents, he takes her heart and creates a new crystal object. It reveals the sense of the beating heart, shown at the beginning of the film: it is the heart of Mother Nature, beating to support life.
Noah
The biblical plot also inspires this film, but it interprets the legend more literally, unlike the previous one. While events in mother! take place in modern reality, being only an allusion to the biblical events, Noah resembles the actual ancient times