It was truly shocking to read Gerai’s account about the Dayak community, as it seems to represent an almost dystopian view on sex and gender. Unlike Western perspectives that seek to distinguish the two genders, and raise one up at the expense of the other in some ways, the Dayak recognize the differences but see it as a drawback. Reading the account, it almost seemed as the culture suppresses the empowerment of both genders based on the characteristics which define them (i.e., male strength, female persistence). These negatives are then brought together to contribute to the detriment of society as well as personal relationships in a nearly unequal perspectives.
It is easy to believe, although greatly distressing to know that there are cultures as this. Unfortunately, most industrialized societies have the culture of severe gender harmony, and the characteristics of the gender are associated with negative aspects, such as Gerai notes, male strength is connected to aggression. I think it is incorrect to note that it is a matter of values, the values that are taught by society are the ones that people would exhibit. Western society gives value to hypermasculinity and aggression as definitions of males, exemplified via the genitalia and abusive actions such as sexual domination, assault or rape – therefore, the culture forms around this, being far removed from the inequality and discord of the Dayak.
As comforting as that perspective may be, I disagree that it reflects accurately the social element that has been created conservatively around rape for centuries. As mentioned earlier, rape is often attributed to natural biology, while in reality it reflects more the concepts of society. I think this perspective touches on both, it emphasizes the natural characteristics of the genders (strength for men, femininity for women) while highlighting its social features (men are praised, women are viewed as used and broken). It can be argued that it is built within our society, as there are certain connotations and stereotypes associated with sexual violence. For example, in a UK study, the label victim was associated with passive femininity. The feminization hypothesis holds true when it comes to rape, as victims, that are most commonly women (but can be men) are attributed feminine characteristics and greater judgment (men would not be seen as men anymore). Meanwhile the accused of committing the rape is given trait dimension of prescriptive masculinity.