The research involved finding the difference between men and women about body image concerns. The research was developed to resolve the limitations of previous researchers. In the current research, it was suggested that men scored higher on DMS and women on BSQS. The research also established associations between masculinity or femininity and drive for muscularity or body shape concerns and understanding if masculinity correlated with a drive for muscularity. It was suggested that DFM and masculinity showed a positive correlation as described by previous research to understand this association. The research included 700 participants from Princeton University who completed survey questionnaires. 64% of the participants were women, and 36% were men allowed to complete various measures such as the DMS, BSQ, and BSRI for a personality trait. The research used ANOVA and correlation to analyze data, and the results showed that men recorded higher on DMS, while women indicated higher scores on BSQS.

Research on gender differences in body image concerns and their results solely relied on the adiposity viewpoint. As a result, there has been the belief that men are less dissatisfied or concerned with their tendency of body fat than women who are less likely to diet to lose weight. DMS and gender role measures showed men with significantly higher personality traits and the drive for muscularity in the previous study. Contrary to women who showed significant communal traits and acted in a more female-typed manner. In determining the degree for predicting drive for muscularity, men scored higher on the DMS than women on controlling gender behaviors. Therefore, higher levels of male gender roles were closely related to the desire to become muscular. Femininity was not associated with the drive for muscularity as there was a lack of interrelation amid feminine-typed behaviors and traits and DMS scores. Another finding showed that both men and women showed a similar association between gender-typed behaviors and traits and the drive for muscularity.

Similarly, men with more traditional attitudes desired to become more muscular. Men who wanted to be muscular experienced conflict about societal expectations, as they wanted to be competitive, powerful, and successful. Previous research had limitations such that the research involved was correlational, which determined only significant relationships’ direction and presence. Another limitation was that the study samples were restricted based on ethnicity and age. Therefore, the current study was designed to address the limitations of the previous study. The study explores the direction of causality in the interrelations amid masculinity perceptions and drive for muscularity and uses different populations and measures. A previous study contacted by the previous study used BSQ for body image measure and drive for muscularity scale (DMS) and BSQS. However, the current study uses measures geared toward body fat and muscularity. Based on gender personality measures, BSRI is employed to explore different aspects of gender role socialization.

The research questions for the current study entail finding if there is a difference between men and women in body image amid concern with muscle mass and body fat or shape. The hypothesis for this research question predicted that men would score higher on DMS and women higher on BSQS, as found by the theory and research findings. The second research question involved finding the relationships between masculinity/femininity and drive for muscularity/body shape concerns and understanding if masculinity correlated with a drive for muscularity. Based on this research question, it was hypothesized that there would be a positive correlation between masculinity and drive for muscularity (DFM), as stated in the theory and prior research. For DFM and FEM, a relationship was theorized but not found. Hence, the current study wants to replicate and confirm or disprove original findings and investigate correlations for BSQS.

Participants
A total of 700 participants completed surveys, of which 64% were women, and 36% were men. The participants’ age range was between 18 to 35 years with a mean age of 20.8 years, men SD = 3.2 while women SD = 2.5, and only 2.3% of the participants were older than 24 years. Most of the participants were European American, accounting for 90%, working-class was 65%, middle-class 17%, upper-middle-class 15%, and upper class 3%. The majority of participants were individuals who were employed in their professionals. Out of the total participants, 78 were lesbian, 79 bisexual, and 176 heterosexual.

Procedure
The research was conducted at Princeton University, containing a large student and staff population. Relevant research authorities in the college approved the study, and all participating research students were permitted to research body image concerns. For participants to be recruited into the research process, they must fulfill the exclusion and inclusion criteria. A survey was used to collect data where each participant was given Likert-questionnaires to complete that included questions about personality traits and demographics. Participants were allowed to complete all the DMS, BSQ, and BSRI, after which the collected data was analyzed to