Diversicare Medical Care (formerly Advocat) offers a variety of health and living services to the elderly through care facilities and assisted-living facilities, most of which are situated in the southern and southwestern United States. This company is a health center that specializes in post-acute care. It was established in 1994 on a culture of passionate service. Recollection care, short-term restoration care, protracted care, and medical treatment are among the services provided. It is located in Brentwood, Tennessee, and its mission is to better the lives of all of its caregivers by surpassing their expectations and delivering exceptional health care services. Integrity, sympathy, greatness, teamwork, and stewardship are its core values. It employs over 6,800 people in more than 60 separate areas across nine states (Diversicare, n.d.).
Workers’ pensions include life insurance, a 401k plan with a match, continuing professional education, short break, holiday, sick time prepayments, career path intending short and long-term disability insurance, and healthcare, dental, and aspiration plans (Diversicare, n.d.). This essay will analyze the swot analysis, financial analysis and budget, strategy, implementation, and strategic evaluation respectively of Diversicare healthcare. The strategic initiative is to expand this company’s resources by increasing funding and leveraging opportunities to diversify the services provided with high professionalism and ethics.
Swot Analysis
Strengths
Diversicare Primary care has a solid reputation for providing its clients with high-quality services. Furthermore, medical care ensures the long-term loyalty of both Staff and clients. There is a professional and competent bi-cultural team bi-lingual and, as well as receptive Staff eager to improve their skills. Nonetheless, the Ethnic Society Council Queensland’s (ECCQ) Public Compassionate Institute (PBI) Co-payment Gift Recipient (DGR) strives to enhance corporate practices and essential facilities.
Weaknesses
One of Diversicare’s weaknesses is a lack of technical skills and abilities among its Staff. The company’s aging workforce is also a drawback to growth. What is more, a proportion of skilled colleagues are nearing the end of their careers. Two government-funded programs account for 85 percent of the corporation’s total revenue (Diversicare, 2021). As a result, Diversicare healthcare faces another challenge due to the lack of a long-term plan for panel members and senior leaders. As an ECCQ division, this company lacks legal status, which presents a threat to the institution. Subsequently, Diversicare’s structure has too many implementers for the present level of activity/business, which is a problem for healthcare.
Opportunities
The clamor for Aged Care CALD Sector has increased, particularly for high-level care services like EACH, EACH-D, and Transition Care. In addition, existing User Pay Services are being expanded, as is the use of advanced technologies to ensure the quality-of-service delivery, especially with their in-home facilities. There are also plans to expand geographic reach to the Gold Coast and principal cities and CALD regions in Queensland (Stapleton et al., 2018). Demographic trends show that an increasing number of CALD working-age people are relocating to Queensland. Existing HACC and CACPS operations can be expanded, and proposals for capital and economic expansion funding can be developed for submission to the government.
Threats
One of the risks to Diversicare healthcare is the conflict problems federal political environment. Significant competition from domestically and internationally for-profit and non-profit institutions is also a potential danger now and in the future. The other hazard is sector consolidation through mergers, amalgamations, and takeovers. Constant public influence on the ECCQ – the industry’s peak body – investigating the causes for delivering aged care and public support facilities is also a potential danger to healthcare. Eventually, the technical skills, training, and knowledge necessary to provide future aged care services pose a serious risk.
Financial Analysis and Budget
Diversicare has indeed been capable of providing post-acute and donor care worldwide. However, their client traffic has increased, even more, forcing them to place patients on a standby list until space becomes available. After financial analysis, more beds are proposed to be opened to accept more clients. This healthcare aims to provide nursing, home healthcare, and interpersonal services to patients and residents.
Furthermore, the firm’s nursing centers provide a variety of services, including nutritional support services and comprehensive rehabilitation services.
The corporation of Diversicare owns more than 75 healthcare and assisted-living facilities, totaling approximately 8,500 beds (Ginthotavidana & Waidyasekara, 2021). The medical Centre is planning to increase the number of beds to accommodate more clients. Diversicare, which concentrates on rural areas, provides a variety of health care services, such as residential care, leisure activity therapy, welfare care, and clinical, cardiovascular, rehabilit