In this research paper, drug addiction will be analyzed as the only type of personal addiction to facilitate the analysis process and give consistent study-level treatment recommendations. Firstly, many scientists define the term drug addiction differently. On the one hand, the term’ drug addiction is specifically defined by NIDA (1) as “characterized by intense and, at times, uncontrollable drug craving, along with compulsive drug seeking and use that persist even in the face of devastating consequences (2020). On the other hand, Liu and Li (1823) define drug addiction as “a complex disorder that involves complicated neural mechanisms and psychological processes; this mental disorder is treatable and may be curable by therapies such as gene modulation in the future” (2018). As a result, one may observe scientists defining the term from different scientific perspectives by emphasizing some of the facets of drug addiction disease. Statistically, the most prevailed drug usage was observed for cannabis (3,8%) among people from 15 to 64 years old, amphetamines (0,77%), opioids (0,37%), and cocaine (0,35%) (Peacock et al., 1909). Based on this information, it is crucial to admit that drug addiction is a widespread and complex disease that might influence different aspects of individuals’ functioning possibilities.
More specifically, drug dependence is an intellectual disease powerfully affected by surroundings and psychosocial factors. The psychosocial environments at which point it has grown provoke numerous debates around the country (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Exposure to analyzed suggestions can be a principal issue in precipitating drug cravings and relapses. Even afterward a successful cure, they should be minimized accordingly. As with many other mental disorders, drug inclination is deeply influenced by fervor, knowledge, and cognition (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Besides medical interferences, behavioral actions are more promising for acting drug addiction. To some extent, non-pharmacological situations grant permission and have greater benefits by way of their limited aftereffects.
Despite the numerous reasons for obtaining drug addiction after drug abuse, there are no specific factors that can conclude if one will enhance compulsive to rugs. Moreover, a blend of determinants influences risk for inclination (Kumar et al., 2019). Changes in the intelligence that support material and emotional reliance on amazing essences are the direct cause of dependence, but those changes do not happen accidentally. As a result, the individual might have a certain factor of influence that becomes dangerous in case of direct contact. For instance, this might be a close person with strictly negative exposure to the cured individual.
When it comes to the main differences between drug addiction and other addiction types, it is critical to understand that they have nearly the same symptoms and short-term effects on the brain but significantly differ in the long-term perspective. More specifically, Lindesmith (4) states that “While alcohol is addicting in approximately, the same sense that heroin is, it will also be referred to only incidentally” (2017). Consequently, cannabis is unlike heroin or morphine addiction, and alcohol is not covered by anti-narcotic legislation, but it shares many features with opiate addiction.
As a result, drug addiction campaigns might unintentionally be not focused on lowering the rate of addicted people in the US. Instead, the substance-addicted become excluded from society, which creates a distinct class of people that are united by the same situation (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Some theoretical applications also provide evidence that drug addiction is usually supported by overall depression, while in other addiction types, such as alcohol or sexual addiction, individuals activate themselves, which may even have some dangerous consequences (Zou et al., 2017). The whole relocation of recreation affecting the mind so as to produce vivid visions entities from people is the pair impractical and hopeless. There has never in record existed a drug-free association, and it is unlikely that skilled always will be individual. In spite of this reality, law enforcement condemning the unenviable task of completing activity restraining relating to sports drug-use policies that stress frugality.
Another important aspect of drug addiction treatment is the correct medication process. In fact, medication might be considered a regular vaccination since it is focused on giving a small dose of the same drug that causes addiction, but in medically calculated amounts so that the body might adapt to the new regime of this drug consumption. For instance, famous psychologist Freud believed that cocaine would manage to help his friend to escape significant addiction to morphine. This attempt was abandoned, and eventually, von Fleischl-Marxov withered from cocaine addiction (Loose, 2018). However, nowadays, most medical professionals in the US are able to correctly calculate the needed dose for a proper medication so that the possibility of receiving the additional drug addiction is extremely low