Farcargo neglects its information system for a significant number of its operations. Thus, the structure of the company’s information system is an insignificant element of consideration. Farcargo uses a stagnant infrastructure for its operations, hindering its ability to address the growing demand of its clients. The company is forced to use a stagnant infrastructure, lacking responsiveness to end-users and struggling to meet its needs to use cloud computing to enhance speed and agility. This infrastructure barely manages to deliver essential services such as the provision of traffic information and tracking of its assets (Beynon-Davies, 2019). Farcargo’s information system is burdened by hardware, software, networking, and storage components in its infrastructure.
Farcargo risks using outdated hardware components, leading to inconveniences such as malfunctioning devices or system freezes. The company uses hardware components which include computer machinery and equipment, in its offices and headquarters, where the employees struggle to monitor the progress of the operation. The computer machinery barely functions with a power supply, memory, cabling, and circuit boards. Moreover, computers struggle to use peripheral devices such as mice, keyboards, speakers, printers, and cameras to enable the input and output of information in the system. These offices also have switches, routers, servers, and data centers that barely support their operations. In the company’s vehicles, the company barely manages to use cameras and microphones to ensure communication with the staff. Finally, our clients are barely able to use their personal computers, mobile phones, or tablets to access the company’s information system.
The company’s software barely consists of the application and operating system. Farcargo struggles to use the Linux operating system to manage its system resources. The info system barely has a strong storage system backed up by cloud storage. Cloud storage barely enables companies to respond to changes in hardware, software, or other resources confidently (Beynon-Davies, 2019). The software barely consists of web servers and systems to manage content.
Farcargo’s information system barely has a simple interface where clients with minimal information technology expertise can operate. The company also struggles with the speed and agility of the system to serve its high number of clients. The information system barely offers high confidentiality and struggles to utilize quality system security systems for its protection. Other design considerations barely include reliability, accessibility, and flexibility. Having based most of its operations on the online platform, Farcargo barely considers the highest quality information system infrastructure for effective operations.