Introduction
There are numerous problems in the world that continue to undermine all the benefits that the rapid social evolution and technological progress bring. One of the issues that should be addressed immediately by all governments is extreme inequality. Despite the successful implementation of a wide range of measures that helped fight such disparities in most Western societies, Latin American nations continue to struggle from a plethora of problems that are rooted in inequality. Nevertheless, recently some governments in the region have been particularly enthusiastic in developing new ingenious strategies to help the poor. I strongly believe that a dedicated analysis of such measures can ensure increased living standards in one of the world’s most diverse regions.
The Global Importance of the Issue
Why does fighting inequality in Latin America matter to the rest of the world? First, the region’s political life has been extremely turbulent for several decades. It means that some of the vital social institutions in various states are not efficient enough to ensure rapid and sustainable development. Such a situation leads to a wide range of social problems, including discrimination, drug trafficking, street crime, high levels of violence. All the above-mentioned troubles directly affect the well-being of millions of Americans. Drugs and illegal migration have been devastating various neighborhoods across the US. It is just one of the examples, as Europe and even some Asian countries also experience difficulties that are rooted in social issues in Latin America.
What is more important, Latin American nations have high chances of successfully and quickly overcoming many of the above-mentioned challenges. Governments in the region are generally enthusiastic about developing and implementing new strategies, as political parties constantly face severe competition. Thus, just like in the 20 th century, numerous social experiments (this time, predominantly positive) can change societies there in a due manner. Latin American nations that manage to find the efficient means to enhance the living standards of millions of citizens will become role models for numerous developing countries that currently experience rapid population growth (most of them in Africa). Therefore, the ability of Latin American nations to overcome difficulties and get rid of numerous constraints will ensure the successful implementation of similarly efficient strategies in countries where billions of people live.
The Core of the Problem
Maybe the fact that few nations in the region are high-income economies is the cause of many issues? It can not be so, as there are numerous nations in the world that are not rich but do not struggle with such a wide range of social problems. Therefore, there must be something unique about Latin America that hinders its development and does not allow it to reach the level of prosperity and well-being of other Western societies. It is undoubtedly the extreme levels of inequality that deprives millions of people living in poor neighborhoods of access to high-quality education, medical services, and cheap credit.
Figure 1: LAC countries are some of the most unequal in the world Gini indices on the distribution of household consumption per capita by region, circa 2017.
Despite the gradual decreases in income inequality that take place due to multiple changes in taxation and legislation, there are other problems that underline social issues. Wealth inequality has always been a feature of most Latin American nations, as a few aristocratic families usually owned the most fertile land in the 19 th century. Therefore, unlike in the 19 th -century US, new migrants could not easily acquire free land and had to toil for the rich. Such disparities from the outstart hindered the development of a large middle-class that is instrumental in creating a free and prosperous society.
Simply raising the taxes and redistributing the money to the poor is not an optimal solution. A much more complex and scientific, data-driven approach should be utilized in order to address the issue efficiently. New frameworks should be developed and established that will seek to help people truly realize their potential by incentivizing them to use their strengths and talents.
Fighting extreme poverty implies the utilization of a unique set of urgent measures and a wide range of strategies. Cheap credit or interest-free loans have already proven to be beneficial when they are granted to hard-working families that desperately need resources, such as tools, land, materials, or money to pay the rent. Once dedicated institutions or charities realize that a family will spend a substantial amount of money in an efficient way, it should ensure rapid transit of the low-interest or interest-free loan. Moreover, it is highly desirable to establish or encourage the creation of organizations that ask for money back only in case a poor family’s enterprise is successful and starts generating income.
Covid-19
One of the factors that further exacerbates the inequality problem in Latin America is the Covid-19 pandemic and the numerous measures that seek to stop the spread of the virus. Therefore, all the above mentioned has substantially widened the income gap. According to Regional Human Development Report (2021), in these unprecedented circumstances, 22 million more people have fallen below the poverty line in the region, returning to 2008 levels. Moreover, lower commodity prices and slower growth in China, however, have reduced Latin America’s growth prospects (