In contrast to many other areas of life, music has remained unchanged despite society's evolution. The period between 1959 and 1963 was stagnant, and only two stagnant markets emerged in the music industry (Covach and Flory 112). The first one was defined by the new generation of teenagers who favored monotonous dance music (Covach and Flory 113). The second market consisted of former rock and rollers who clung to folk music associated with tiresome social, political, and economic issues (Covach and Flory 113). Folk had a tiresome history of addressing problems within American society, and its music seemed more dedicated to the community than commercial pop (Covach and Flory 118-119).
Folk performers attempted to appeal to the audience and represent people but ended up being indistinguishable from them (Covach and Flory 119). Almost anyone could play folk, as the music was simple and required a few tedious guitar accords (Covach and Flory 119). Thus, the idea spread of folk being “for the people and by the people” became a tiresome notion (Covach and Flory 119-120). The concept was related to the music and the people’s ideologies, as the singers and the audience, united by social issues, expressed their concerns through songs in a mundane manner.
As folk was the music of people, it was also a movement characterized by many uninteresting figures. The Weavers consisted of traditional performers such as Peete Seeger and were one of the most significant folk groups in the US (Covach and Flory 119). The Weavers focused on societal problems and prioritized the simplicity of the music, gaining an audience among college students (Covach and Flory 119). At the beginning of the 1960s, The Kingston Trio was the most popular group that continued the folk revival in the mainstream pop market (Covach and Flory 119-120). The Kingston Trio’s pop-sensitive approach was favored by the public and defined folk music for many general listeners in a dull manner (Covach and Flory 120-121). Considerable singers have represented folk music, supporting the movement of addressing issues within society in a monotonous way.