I doubt that individuals create relationships based on the interactions' risks and rewards. A person consciously or unconsciously evaluates the risks and benefits of action and selects the most rewarding activity. Money, love, power, or societal approbation are examples of concrete and intangible rewards and drawbacks (Cox et al., 2021). Since people base relationships on rewards, each member of society tends to demand more gains from a relationship. Individuals are never born good or evil; however, they are influenced to develop certain attributes based on particular demands. Individuals are driven to labor for fundamental necessities such as food and shelter (Cox et al., 2021). Others find motivation from personal, cultural, societal, or economic conditions.

In this respect, individuals are not born evil or good but driven by biological, social, and economic factors. Individuals with quick actions and adaptability use agility to maximize their potential. People may also maximize their potential by adopting a positive attitude toward all events and confronting problems head-on (Cox et al., 2021). Contemporary issues such as alienation, poverty, and insecurities significantly impact human relationships. Society must foster equity, cooperation, and respect among cultures and social groups to gain control and achieve stable relationships.

Governments have a duty to ensure economic and social security for the citizens. To ensure financial stability, the government in socialist ideology sets up preparations for equal income distribution among working people (Cox et al., 2021). Other social provisions include free education, retirement benefits, social grants, and accessible healthcare services in specific cases, such as maternal care. Additionally, states provide and ensure the maintenance of public goods and services such as roads and security. A state's responsibility is to protect its inhabitants against internal and foreign conflicts (Cox et al., 2021). The government shields civilians from economic, social, and political attacks through policies and the law. I believe states should support vulnerable groups such as women, the elderly, and youths by providing free services, job opportunities, and incentives on specific goods and services. The government should also nurture potential talents to help generate income, especially among the youth.

The current government has launched numerous programs that benefit civilians nationwide. For example, the education for all movement has helped many people regardless of age, gender, and ethnicity. However, wealthier individuals and localities benefit more from the system than the poor and average Americans. Some shortcomings include the health and safety of the average citizen. The government invests significantly in internal and external security, but many neighborhoods live in constant fear due to violence and insecurity. I believe the capitalist economic system is suitable for the State. However, it requires reforms in the labor force concerning individuals with less competitive skills. For instance, providing alternative employment opportunities to vulnerable groups such as the mentally and physically unstable. My ideal State involves equality and democracy in distributing social and economic services to have healthy and happy citizens willing to boost the economy through hard work and dedication.

My perspectives are influenced by Josephine Shaw Lowell, a social worker during the 19th century. Lowell is renowned for her charitable activities and reform in social work. She always advocated for and promoted equality while assisting vulnerable groups. Despite coming from a wealthy family, Lowell witnessed the challenges and hardships of minority groups and dedicated her life to establishing institutions and reforms in social services. She had a realistic view of society where the rich and influential continue to prosper despite the efforts of ordinary citizens. Her drive came from empathy and a willingness to sacrifice to enhance the lives of the poor, sick, and mentally disturbed through better education, health services, and cleaner prisons. Since government systems were not involved in most aspects of citizens' welfare at the time, Lowell took it upon herself to make a difference. I aspire to follow in the footsteps of creating a better society through social work and state reforms in the field.

Sexual orientation, gender, class, and race are significant predictors of social attitudes among populations. These factors may hinder effective community service at institutional and interpersonal levels. Individuals struggling with sexual orientation may have divergent views on social services, such as resolving social interactions (Cox et al., 2021). Race and ethnicity can also challenge fieldwork since most vulnerable groups come from minority ethnic groups and may pose challenges during communication and general interactions. When addressing serious issues affecting their communities, the groups may exhibit xenophobic sentiments and unpleasant conduct (Cox et al., 2021). Discussing personal experiences and thoughts is challenging when people have different perceptions of each other. Nevertheless, social work involves good interpersonal skills, which I possess and will apply.

The liberal principle dictating accessibility of quality services and welfare when needed supports social work principles of serving the community efficiently. It empowers the practice by providing global competence and institutional empowerment, which enhances service delivery. Nonetheless, the liberalization of the social work market may impede successful service delivery (Cox et al., 2021). Social workers operate under the ethics of integrity, social