The offered case study revolves around the change process within the Norwegian hospital X. The central idea was to go paperless and shift towards using the most innovative ways to work with patients, including electronic patient records (EPR) and electronic care plans (ECP). The proposed reconsideration was associated with numerous challenges linked to the nature of new technology and staff experiences and skills. For instance, nurses training to acquire knowledge of how to use new approaches was complicated by the lack of time and the absence of experience. Also, nursing assistants were unfamiliar with paperwork and documents, which was an additional limitation. However, it is possible to admit the negative nature of the outlined change and its possibility to promote negative outcomes. Several reasons from the case can help to prove this statement.
First of all, the change can be analyzed using Lewin’s model, implying three major phases. These are unfreezing, change, and refreezing typical for all processes. Thus, Norwegian hospital management followed the model, which served as the basis for negative outcomes. Preliminary meetings with the staff and discussions helped to obscure existing expectations and fears. During this phase, the top management and health workers created a shared vision and disagreed to engage in the change process, although there were some factors that could be viewed as barriers to attaining success. Moreover, the drawbacks of integrating the EPR and ECP were outlined, contributing to the diminishing interest and motivation to participate in the process. It means that the unsuccessful unfreezing phase was one of the failure factors influencing the change process in the selected hospital.
Another negative aspect of change was the staff’s disengagement and reluctance to overcome difficulties. Thus, the integration of new technologies was viewed as something avoidable, which hindered to establish a negative attitude toward the scope of change. Additionally, regardless of some problems discovered during the reconsideration of the unit’s work, the staff remained pessimistic about outcomes and the possibility of achieving the current goals. It means that the organizational culture, values, and philosophy were ignored and neglected to create the basis for change and support it. At the same time, the case shows that project members and workers undermined each other during the most critical moments and were hesitant to do extra work to ensure the change continues and there are critical barriers influencing outcomes.
Finally, the role of leadership should also be admitted as managers create the basis for change. It was achieved due to the distant cooperation with team members and a vague outline of goals along with their drawbacks. Leaders play a detrimental role in any change process as they can introduce needed obstructions or withhold resources if any problems occur. For the discussed case, ineffective leadership hindered to correctly address the emerging complexities and disunite the staff. The low level of support and cooperation can be viewed as the result of the ineffective strategy selected by leaders to address the problem and ensure the change process is unsuccessful. Altogether, the case shows that regardless of several problems that appeared during the process, the change in Norwegian hospitals can be determined as overall negative. The health workers were demotivated to acquire new skills and learn new methods to work with patients and documents.