An article published in Ahram Online provides information about the controversial statements of TV host Ibrahim Eissa regarding the journey of Al-Miraj. El-Sayed Gamal El-Din, the author of the article, first provides a brief overview of the event, followed by reactions from the officials and community, as well as background on past news related to Eissa. Additionally, the article provides information about the upcoming prosecution concerning the statements of the TV host.
First of all, it is necessary to evaluate the article in terms of codes of ethics considering ethical news values. In terms of accuracy, the material presents facts, and the author does not present his personal opinion on the issue, which makes the article the most devoid of bias. Most importantly, El-Sayed quotes statements from the TV host and various stakeholders without commentary, which eliminates subjectivity. In terms of confirmation and tenacity, the reporter gives not only statements but also opinions of the community, presents the prospect of prosecution, and also gives background information about Eissa. These factors allow the reader to compose a more comprehensive perception of the event beyond the immediate news.
The author also respects diversity, citing the opinions of both official bodies and religious communities for whom this event is important. In terms of dignity and reciprocity, The reporter uses non-emotionally colored vocabulary, which corresponds to the journalistic style. Additionally, El-Sayed tries to provide as much information as possible about the event and the reaction that it caused in the community. This factor also corresponds to the value of community, as it reveals the possible impact of Eissa’s statements on society.
However, concerning equity, the article does not seem complete enough, as it focuses more on the reaction to this event. Within the framework of the information provided, it is not entirely clear whether there are supporters of the statements of the TV host or whether the community as a whole reacted negatively to his statements. Accordingly, in this regard, the value of sufficiency is also inadequately addressed since not all information resources are covered.
Based on the analysis of codes of ethics, one can also conclude the objectivity and credibility of this material. Objectivity prescribes that all parties affected by the event have an equal right to be covered in the article. However, within the framework of the article by El-Sayed, not enough attention is paid to the opinion of Eissa himself, as well as his possible supporters. This factor can make the article biased, and additional information about the past actions of the TV host can create a negative perception of the protagonist of the story among readers. In terms of credibility, the article meets the requirements of journalistic standards, as it provides information resources and quotes, and does not refer to abstract assumptions.
A coherent theory of truth can be applied to this news report as the information presented in it is consistent with other beliefs. El-Sayed celebrates the opinions of the religious community, revealing the common opinion on the event, which makes it acceptable within society. It is necessary to keep in mind that the covered event in the article refers to religious beliefs that are extremely significant for the major part of Egyptian society. This material, therefore, can be considered from the point of view of utilitarianism, which involves reporting events with the goal of the least harm to the largest population. In this situation, the lack of information from possible supporters of the TV host may be a desire to satisfy the interests of the majority of society and not offend their feelings.
An article published in the BBC reports that those accused of killing a Black man in Georgia were found guilty of hate crimes. Bailey says the three men who killed 25-year-old Ahmaud Arbery because of his race were convicted of the crime. The author gives an overview of the situation, provides the opinion of both lawyers and prosecutors, and also talks about the significance of the event for the family of the victim.
Within the framework of codes of ethics and adherence to ethical news values, this material meets higher requirements than an article in a local publication. First of all, the facts presented are objective and provide complete information about the situation, including the identity and age of the participants, their motives, and the events of the trial. Additionally, the author of the article mentions persons who declined to comment, which corresponds to the principles of accuracy, confirmation, as well as sufficiency. The inclusion of several parties in the report also meets the principles of equity. Even though the story received a wide public outcry and a negative reaction, the author does not forget to cite the opinion and lawyers of the accused to reveal the full picture.
However, the most important aspects that make this article more ethically valuable are the additional involvement of the victim’s family and the presentation of their opinions. The reporter notes that she “spent weeks reporting from Georgia on the killing of Ahmaud Arbery and it’s hard to overstate the importance of this guilty verdict for his family” (Bailey). The following is the value of this