Preventative health care is founded on the premise that lifestyle choices, environmental factors, and genetic predispositions all have a role to play in the health outcomes of individuals. Therefore, the main aim of preventive care is to address these factors and prevent diseases from happening. The methods for increasing preventative care are explored and a project proposed that can be standardized across all healthcare facilities. Some of the methods have been studied and are presented in the current literature. Examples include primary care visits, clinical decision support systems, and cognitive-behavioral therapy. The applicability of each of these methods can be evaluated from a project management perspective where the recommendations involve the implementation of a single comprehensive program that incorporates all of them. Therefore, the project lifecycle approach is used for this exercise where four stages are implemented: initiation, planning, execution, and control/monitoring.
Introduction
Public health is a major concern for many countries, as illustrated by the devastating effects of the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Lifestyle choices, environmental factors, and genetic predispositions all have a role in the health outcomes of individuals. Therefore, there is a need to target these factors to prevent diseases. This is the essence of preventative care as practices across the world. The focus of this paper is on identifying and implementing methods of increasing preventative care measures. Principles of project management are used, including identification and definition of the project scope, highlighting the roles and responsibilities of stakeholders, and identifying critical resources needed to achieve the set goals.
The implications for this research include that it helps put into practice the ideas proposed by previous work in this area. In its relation to previous work, a critical examination of available literature reveals methods that can be applied to increase preventative care measures. The research strategy involves a systematic review of literature to gather ideas about the viable options and use these ideas to develop practice recommendations.
Project Statement
The project focuses on preventative care, a subject that has been approached from multiple perspectives in literature. For instance, AHRQ,( 2018) labels preventative cases as a means of achieving health equity by eliminating the health inequalities in a country’s population. However, the basic idea is that preventative care is the best approach to a country’s health outcomes since it prevents diseases and pandemics from devastating the population. According to Ngwewondo et al. (2020), the COVID-19 serves as a perfect case study for illustrating how preventive measures work. In their research, the authors established that most of the respondents scored high in preventative measures and positive health-seeking behaviors. While such findings highlight that preventative measured were undertaken, a large population still suffered from the symptoms of COVID-19.
In other such contexts as the United Kingdom (UK), some preventative measures included the creation of an innovation hub that focuses on increasing preventative healthcare. During the pandemic, the hub was used as a vaccination center and proved effective (HHM Global, n.d.). Such innovation has led the stakeholders to contemplate the creation of similar facilities as a preparation for future pandemics. Therefore, there is a need to examine the effectiveness of preventative measures and find a means of making them even more effective.
Problem Significance
The significance of this project is manifested by the recent health problems facing the planet, including infections and pandemics. As mentioned earlier, these health outcomes are subject to the environment within which we live. Therefore, this endeavor serves as a blueprint to be used by the relevant stakeholders to implement better healthcare practices. The importance of preventative health measures is outlined, and the methods to increase its measures are recommended. The implications of the project include that the policymakers in the healthcare sector will adopt the proposed methods. Additionally, preventive care requires the relevant authorities to make the required investments (Health Business, 2019). Therefore, the proposed project should get all stakeholders informed on what pathways to follow to increase preventative health measures.
Literature Review
The current literature on preventative care has often focused on its benefits and approaches, often emphasizing that it is the best way to approach some of the major health problems facing society. According to Hostetter et al., (2020), primary care visits have been known to influence health behaviors, but links between these visits and preventive interventions remain unclear. In this case, primary care visits are perceived as a mechanism for receiving preemptive care in such forms as vaccinations, colonoscopy, and mammography. The conclusion reached is that at least one primary visit a year will increase evidence-based preventative care measures without any increase in costs. The same observations have been made by Sabety et al. (2021), who finds that primary care visits improve the quality of care, patient outcomes, and improved delivery of preventative services. The outcomes of this form of care include lower rates of hospitalization and fewer emergency visits. As a result, the overall cost of care is also greatly reduced. Therefore, primary care visits can be considered one of the most effective methods of increasing preventative care measures.
Decision support systems are considered a critical method for increasing preventative