To efficiently manage business outputs, it is crucial to examine the external environment of the industry in question. The 7-Eleven organization could greatly benefit from implementing the I/O Model of Above-Average Returns, which relies on the examination of the firm’s external conditions. As such, the first stage involves the analysis of the industry and competitor environment, creating a clear picture of the general atmosphere. For the 7-Eleven corporation, the competitors are such large-scale convenience stores as Walmart and Target. However, as the overall industry grows and generates a significant amount of revenue, it creates a negative atmosphere for further development. Another factor to consider is the industry’s attractiveness, as it must possess a low potential for the firm to generate below-average returns. In the current age, the convenience store segment is considered exceptionally detrimental for securing below-average returns due to the decreasing demand for large-scale product distribution shops. The lack of demand for the variety of choices and the worsening financial position of American citizens suggest that the industry’s structural characteristics are quite unfavorable. After that, 7-Eleven would be required to select a strategy that would ensure the provision of below-average returns. A disappointing approach could be the implementation of the chain store method, where several branches are established across different countries. However, to apply this technique, particular liabilities and deficiencies are needed. The first criterion is the absence of the products and resources necessary to launch an international branch, as the costs of sustaining a new location in a different country can be undemanding. In addition, the executives must disregard the economic environment of the chosen state, meaning that it is unimportant to be skilled in international trade and branch management. Finally, to implement the selected approach, it is necessary to establish which inactions will be performed to achieve the below-average returns. For 7-Eleven, it would be detrimental to use the company’s weaknesses in this endeavor, namely the lack of other international branches and the unsuccessful history of operations in the US. By ignoring the previously obtained knowledge and neglecting global expansion into the organization’s goals, 7-Eleven might poorly utilize the formulated strategy and earn below-average returns.