Introduction
The nature and form of war change, but its fundamental nature remains constant. Nearly two decades of continuous irregular warfare against violent extremist organizations worldwide — the demand for skill in irregular hostilities continues. The leaders search for the best strategy for dealing with irregular warfare and preparing soldiers for operational actions. The path to changes can be the introduction of the Performance Triad and improving of the leaders’ personal qualities, taking into account the peculiarities of irregular warfare.
How Leaders can Implement the Performance Triad to Help Prepare their Organizations for Irregular Warfare
Irregular warfare is different from conventional ones and therefore requires special training. Irregular warfare, which is different in form, describes types of violence conducted by sub-state actors, including terrorism and insurgency (James D. Kiras, 2009, p. 3). Irregular forces on one or both sides almost entirely suppressed the ongoing conflicts after the invasion of Iraq, renewed Taliban insurgency in the 2001 war in Afghanistan, conflict in Darfur, the Lord’s Resistance Army uprising in northern Uganda, and the Second Chechen War.
Conducting effective actions in irregular warfare requires even more diligent use of the physical resources of soldiers; here, the Performance Triad can help. It is a comprehensive plan to build preparedness and resilience through public health initiatives and leadership engagement. Army Medicine has the privilege of maintaining, restoring, and improving the health of the entire Army family and helped the Army create the Performance Triad (Sleep, Activity, and Nutrition) initiative. Sleep is critical to the proper cognitive and physical functioning of the body. For soldiers, lack of sleep can slow down the execution of orders both on and off the training ground, harming soldiers and units. Keeping fit is the key to making a soldier ready for action. Staying active and adhering to safe and effective training principles allows soldiers to fulfill their job responsibilities and become more potent fighters. A healthy diet provides exercise, increases energy and stamina, shortens recovery times between activities, improves focus and concentration, and helps soldiers feel better.
The goal of the Performance Triad is to positively influence and maintain the health, readiness, and resilience of soldiers, and the entire army family. The pilot program, which began in 2013 and ended in 2014, reaffirmed the importance of committed leadership as a foundation to support soldiers and practice healthy sleep, activity and eating habits to support preparedness and resilience. The widespread implementation of this strategy will help strengthen the physical and moral training of soldiers, which is especially important in irregular warfare.
How the Execution of Mission Command during Irregular Warfare Will Have Different Challenges than during Conventional Conflicts
The increasingly complex security environment suggests the need for a revised understanding of irregular warfare. The problem of irregular cooperative solutions is in this combined routine: reactive adversaries such as terrorists, insurgents and criminal networks, advances in technology and other phenomena on a large scale such irregular infections, even more deadly, capable of causing widespread chaos. These emissions are entangling populations through the skillful use of communications, cyberspace, and technology so that their impact spreads to regional and global levels. Many of them manifest themselves, in essence, as a struggle for influence and legitimacy.
The Focus is on addressing the underlying economic, political, cultural, or security conditions that fuel the population’s grievances, rather than on applying military power directly against the military and paramilitary forces of adversaries (Department of Defense, 2010, p. 20). The Cold War experience shows that long-standing traditional warfare – troop movements, partner interactions, public relations, partner logistics, security assistance, intelligence, and counterintelligence activities, and training – complement and mutually support objectives. However, due to the nature of complex and amorphous attacks, these competitions are unlikely to end in a sudden military victory. Fixing, reducing, regulating the conflict and its causes can be determined as success. Joint strength thus must find multidimensional approaches in tandem with other partners to resolve the problems. Complex political, cultural, religious, and historical factors and the various populations involved in all conflicts are difficult to understand deeply enough. Understanding the complex features and causes of irregular warfare can contribute to the formation of the right strategist, both for soldiers and leaders.
How Leaders May Have to Adjust their Leadership Attribute of Intellect during Irregular Warfare
The army leadership requirements layout the attributes and competencies expected of every Army leader – character, presence, and intellect. These attributes often reflect personal experience and long-term development and are not immediately gained from direct training events. At the organizational level, they directly relate to how a leader behaves, influences organizational change, and guides the unit through obstacles and setbacks. Since irregular warfare usually results in protracted and unpredictable conflicts, the government should adjust the leader attributes to ensure maximum organization support and mission accomplishment. In irregular warfare, success requires a mindset that focuses on how to influence the population to support the HN leadership positively (United States Air Force, 2013, p.21).