Tufts-New England Medical Center (Tufts-NEMC) in Boston, MA, is one of the oldest permanent medical facilities in the county. Nonetheless, it is a distinguished healthcare organization known as a general medical and surgical facility rated high for performing in computer technology and education around the world. Due to the prestige and acclaimed healthcare operations, the medical center received $2.3 billion in research grant money from the National Institute of Health. The $2.3 billion grant was the highest grant amount given to any medical facility in that region, second only to California. Therefore, it was a privilege to receive that much funding. Unfortunately, in the 1970s and the 1980s, Massachusetts hospitals, along with other medical facilities in the nation, accumulated a significant amount of debt to renovate the facilities and purchase new technological equipment.
As healthcare facilities faced hardship, Tufts-New England Medical Center was among the healthcare facilities that experienced financial struggles during the 1990s. The medical center was unsuccessful in forming critical network alliances with other hospitals, hurting Tufts-NEMC. Nevertheless, Tufts-New England Medical Center was able to deploy federal urban renewal and hospital construction programs to finance an aspiring expansion program designed to allow it to compete with other prestigious Boston hospitals. This was due to current CEO Ellen Zane, who put in blood, sweat, and tears in order to make changes in order to get this hospital back on top. This paper will provide an in-depth analysis of the case study focusing on the problems facing Tufts/NEMC and the approaches the organization used to position itself for change.
The Multiple Elements of the Problem
Tufts/NEMC’s financial position remained vulnerable; the company responded to changes in the business environment slowly and incompetently. The cash flow control and operational productivity improvement process were dysfunctional. Furthermore, Harvard-Pilgrim Health Care rejected to provide insurance coverage for Tufts/NEMC, citing high costs. Tufts/NEMC began looking for partner organizations in 1997 to alleviate its fiscal insecurity. The company’s top management chose the merger with Lifespan Corporation in Rhode Island because it was anticipated to enable the company to grow and expand its activity in academic medical center expansion in Rhode Island. Top management undervalued the complex nature of merging two different organizational structures and their implications.
As a result of the Lifespan merger, Tufts/NEMC lost its identity. They also stopped communicating with the Mayor’s office and Beacon Hill. Tufts-NEMC lost $6 million per month since the split with Lifespan. Despite being on the right track with Schottland’s initiatives, Tufts-NEMC lagged behind industry benchmarks in many areas, including days in accounts receivable, days in accounts payable, the average length of stay, operating margin, and days cash on hand. For instance, the multiple elements of the ‘length of stay’ problem included attitudes about patient care, procedural failures, lack of feedback to physicians, and the use of ‘PICC lines’ in the email address. The effects of each component on the organization are critical; for instance, PICC lines were more reliable IV lines that allowed patients to proceed with their medication at home. PICC lines had to be inserted by specially trained nurses, and many times the doctor discharged the patient too late in the day, leaving these nurses unavailable.
After evaluating the managed care contracts, Ellen Zane discovered that Tufts/NEMC was severely underpaid. Another problem for Tufts-NEMC was its size; the components of the problem included competition, marketplace, and volume of cases. Tufts/NEMC would be considered a significant player in any other market, but it was overshadowed by Partners, CareGroup, and Caritas in Boston. Sustaining the level of services and research required of a major medical center was incredibly challenging for an organization that did not have the volume of cases or endowments compared to competitors.
The Needs of the Community as They Relate to the Organization
Assessing the community’s needs as they relate to the organization is critical to success. Tufts/NEMC, for example, analyzed the needs and was the first to foresee a community medical service for the poor. As a result, the hospital quickly established a reputation for innovation. Furthermore, the hospital realized that assigning nurses to patients, forming a visiting nurse association, and establishing “dental, rehabilitation, venereal disease, lung, food, and nutrition, and evening pay clinics” were necessary (Ingols & Brem, 2016, p. 452). Tufts/NEMC was the first to offer employer-paid clinic treatment, well-child services, and moving x-rays based on the community’s needs.
The tradition of innovation has continued in recent years, with vital programs in cancer treatment, transplants, and neurosurgery. Tufts/NEMC became Boston’s first full-service, private teaching hospital in