The Mediterranean diet is perhaps the most popular gastronomy trend of the current decade. The trend has been popular for a long time and continues to gain popularity among food and culinary enthusiasts. Thanks to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Mediterranean diet has gained wider recognition among people from different countries. The trend adopts its name from the traditional cuisine of the four Mediterranean countries: Morocco, Greece, Italy, and Spain. Although the diet is associated with slight variations from the four countries it originated from, almost every Mediterranean diet incorporates fruits, vegetables, nuts, cereals, fish, legumes, and unsaturated fats. The growing trend to adopt healthy eating habits due to the pandemic has led people to embrace the Mediterranean diet due to its simplicity in preparing and the easy availability of ingredients.

The proposed menu incorporates the Mediterranean diet approach by focusing on a two-course meal that will contribute to various nutritional benefits to an individual. Another important consideration of the design is time and satiety. Food preparation does not have to be lengthy, especially if the meal is more straightforward, such as an appetizer. Appetizers are initial courses that should be prepared promptly to give an individual a mouthwatering feel as they wait for the main course.

The appetizer selected for the recipe is Cream of Mushroom Soup, while the main course is Boston lobster Mafaldine. Both meals are perfect examples of what a simple Mediterranean diet should look like. The selection suggests that people do not have to spend too much money eating a healthy meal. However, for the meal to resemble the perfect Mediterranean look, some factors are considered. First, the meals have to be prepared using modern culinary techniques. For the mushroom soup, the mushroom soup is prepared, and then parsley is added through foaming, while Sous Vide cooking is used for cooking the lobster for the Boston Lobster Mafaldine.

Mushroom Soup ingredients are sourced from locally available grocery store items. The goal is to ensure that the recipe uses easy-to-obtain things to give interested people a straightforward approach to avail the ingredients and get straight into cooking. People do not prefer complex recipes since they use ingredients that are not locally sourced or cost too much if they are available. The ingredients for the appetizer are meant to eradicate this observation and reduce the time and money of people looking to prepare a healthy soup.

The flow chart presents a simpler illustration that shows how the workflow should proceed. It is important to follow the steps highlighted in the flow chart to prevent one from producing the wrong meal with a completely different taste. The time interval within each process is also vital to ensure that the meal being prepared is of the right quantity for the exact serving. In case an individual wants to prepare the dish for over three people, they should calculate the time in relation to the number of needed servings. For instance, since an 8-minute sautéing period is allowed for one hundred grams of Cremini mushroom, this time should be multiplied with every additional gram. If the meal being prepared is for four people, then the time will be 16 minutes. The nutritional value of the appetizer is as follows:

The culinary foam technique is an approach that traps air bubbles within a structure made from fat, proteins, or water. Foams are part of molecular gastronomy, which involves mixing natural flavors such as fruit juices with natural gels or stabilizers such as lecithin and hand-whipped through a whipped cream canister or immersion in a blender. Examples include foamed coconut, mushroom, and espresso. To create modern foam, the interfacial tension between the air-oil stage and the aqueous stage needs to be reduced through the presence of a surfactant. Whipped cream, marshmallows, cakes, ice cream, soufflés, mousse, and meringue are examples of foods to which the foam technique can be applied. The tiny air bubbles give foams their unique light texture. Many products use protein as the primary surface active agent, helping form and stabilize foam in the gaseous stage. Creating this kind of form employs whipping protein solutions. The existing foaming characteristics determine the likelihood of creating the thin film at the gaseous stage for larger gas bubbles to be stabilized.

The defining traits of any meal are the three sensory elements, texture, smell, and taste. After preparing the Cream of Mushroom Soup, an individual is presented with a creamy, fluffy, and moist-textured meal. A creamy texture is essential for improving food intake by making the mouth moist in preparation for the main course. This observation implies that the appetizer plays its role in prepping an individual for the main course. On the other hand, the smell is flavorsome and aromatic. Being that the soup is the opening course, it should serve all the functions of making an individual want to anticipate the main course. Through the aromatic and flavorsome smell, the soup is able to increase an individual’s appetite. Finally, the taste is savory,