The provision of high-quality healthcare services during the pandemic is a critical initiative for guaranteeing the wellbeing of citizens while the needs of hospital employees are frequently neglected. Therefore, it is important to examine the ways to prevent adverse outcomes among them while ensuring the continuity of care for critical patients.

The selection of the topic, mental health of healthcare providers working with critical patients, is conditional upon its applicability to the needs of both patients and medical specialists. Hence, it was formulated as a challenge of a multi-faceted nature which should be a priority of corresponding organizations. Therefore, it is important to assess this category of workers in the first place and develop preventive measures applicable to them as well as other healthcare providers in the future.

The project’s topic was selected due to raising concerns related to healthcare providers’ mental health, especially during the pandemic. Thus, the project aims to evaluate the provision of mental health services for healthcare providers of critical patients in a primary care facility as its setting (facility) and with Jewell Snider as the mentor.

In order to address the challenge identified in the previous section, it is crucial to set a specific goal. Therefore, I will use the data received from the hospital to conclude on the most vulnerable groups of employees in terms of mental health to develop precise recommendations for preventing adverse outcomes within one week. Consequently, I will spend two days discussing the findings with the administrator and decide on practical measures to be implemented within a month.

The initial project design consists of the smart goals in the pre-determined order as per the hospital’s needs. The materials for the designed project include only the records of employees’ mental health issues and their type.

The project aims to explore healthcare employees’ exhaustion, stress, burnout, compassion fatigue, and other mental health disorders that occur in the workplace. In addition, it will cover the scope of the provision of mental health assistance for them by the hospital’s services. Finally, the project will evaluate mental healthcare amenities provided for critical patients by healthcare specialists during the pandemic.

The project’s perceived needs include financial, stakeholder, patient, spiritual, facility, and funding needs. In general, the aim of the project is the evaluation of the efficacy and accessibility of mental health assistance provided for healthcare professionals and critical patients for its subsequent improvement.

The project’s main stakeholders are psychologists, social workers, and nurses. In order to address all of them, the researcher should provide correct information concerning the research writing a letter to all stakeholders and explaining that their personal information and results will be secured.

In general, the project requires time, financial, and material resources, including tools and equipment, in order to accomplish its goals. Leaders focus on day-to-day education, performance preparation, and the promotion of stakeholders’ personal achievements.

Available secondary data focuses on the mental health of healthcare practitioners who care for critical patients during the pandemic. The central database for the researcher will be the online school library. The inclusion criteria will be workers’ mental health – thus, articles that address it will be included, while articles with a lack of identified information will be excluded, respectively.

Addressing the mental health of healthcare workers during the pandemic is crucial. Therefore, the project aims to evaluate the mental health issues faced by healthcare providers and improve the quality of mental health services for them.