In the first section of the reading provided, various matters determine the human good. According to the book, one can be happy depending on the decisions made and actions taken regarding the choice made about an issue. For example, if one builds a house, they will feel happy, and if they also feel healthy, the aspect of good is also revealed. In other words, the writer is trying to help the reader navigate that the human good can be achieved under everything as long as the subject is affiliated with the person behind it. Human beings choose some of the factors to define their happiness and aspect of goodness. Most people choose general instruments of life such as wealth, flutes, and many others.

Complete good is determined by self-sufficiency, which means a person will live according to the estimated limit when dealing with matters. The aspect of human good can be extended from one party to another, such as from parents to their children or friends to friends. According to the inner picture portrayed by the book, it seems human beings are structured in political, social, and economic settings that come in different formulas for achieving the common good. Happiness can be an agreeable subject, measured by what people feel concerning the completeness of human anatomy and general ways of living. Some elements such as the interdependence that people have with the environment can be associated with human good. Therefore, what is spoken or conveyed during sensitive societal settings defines the completeness of human beings. For example, if one is educated and has the roots of success, it means that the people who have been backing the person may benefit from the same, hence building the goodness more.

The sketch of good can be drawn by showing what one has and what one lacks. The degree to which people seem to be satisfied by normal happenings such as rainfall, weather changes, and relationships with others can be a measure of good. A carpenter example is given to show the extent of discipline they have when it comes to measurements. In this matter, people have to do what appears more logical even if it may not be what they wish. These factors will be a limit to human beings, and they show the restrictions that are important in life.

Some questions may arise from this context, and the reader may be baffled by the issues discussed in the book. First, how possible is it for human beings to be good to everyone if every aspect of the common good is self-centered? Second, can all people be the same in terms of traits that make them happy? And if they must be happy and do human good, what about the deficits left more so the environment such as plants, pets, and world animals? Thus, interrogating such issues in one’s mind may help one understand the account of human good and life perspectives.

The author has given a defense of the account of the good by supporting it with various elements. The main idea here is that the conclusions that people make from given premises will be harmonized by the true accounts of the subject matter. The truth must be compromised with false, and therefore, the clash between the two variables is seen in terms of the reaction and outcome of the matter. To understand the human good that the writer is talking about, people must think about the external, bodily, and soul perspectives. These three elements may notably categorize the metrics that can define the accounts of good in human life. The soul is often considered to offer a full account of the good from what people reason and decide to do with their reasoning.

The author means that the soul is more powerful than the body in that the cognition of the account or the outcome of a task is articulated from the soul. It is important not to overlook the body as the doer. The context brought to light is that accounts of human goods are structured and reasoned by the soul before getting to the external perspectives. Happiness is a form of justifying the accounts of human good since many consider it a virtue. For example, if one is asleep or ill, they may not be feeling happy about it as some consider sleeping a measure of laxity while others say that illness is brought by evil. In short, human beings must engage in societal frameworks that define the ways of living, and the cultural essence is felt significantly at this point.

Active people always feel happy about the level of engagement they have daily. For example, a person working in a busy food outlet may feel pleased by the nature of their job for various reasons. First, it enables them not to see a long day and keeps them focused and developing their minds and souls. Second, the personal interactions with the guests during food and beverage service may make them learn various aspects of life. Hence, they may feel like they have a significant role in teaching others the same. These factors make people happy, and they are considered the root sources of human good.

Happiness is achieved in various ways, according to the text. By reading the topic well, indeed, one may not be able to differentiate whether happiness