In every healthcare setting, the need to meet optimal patient care requires nurses to maintain ethical practices and follow the outlined principles effectively. The relationship between the sick individual, relative, and practitioner is vital for ensuring better services to the ailing person. In most cases, nurses are faced with technical situations that require them to make sensible decisions while taking into consideration the welfare of the client and family members. Such challenging moments call for the caregivers to critically apply the principles of beneficence, non-maleficence, autonomy, and justice to ensure they optimally attend to the customers appropriately. Morals allow nurses to detect ethical dilemmas in the work environment and make sound judgments and practical decisions according to their values and beliefs while maintaining their conduct within the laws that govern their profession.

Based on the current health status of Mr. Newcomb, I would approve the request to meet his mistress. First, Mr. Newcomb is at a critical stage of pancreatic cancer, and having in mind all the pain he is going through; it would be appropriate to consider his wish. Currently, he is under hospice care, where the main focus is to ensure he receives quality time and comfort experience before his death time. At this point, anything that makes Mr. Newcomb happy matters most for his life. He needs something that can make him happy to lengthen his days. Disapproving the request would diminish the trust Mr. Newcomb has in me, and he will probably start withdrawing his attention from my services, which will be disastrous for his health. Therefore, to maintain the connection and ensure he receives quality care, I would ensure his desires are met. The practice will be good for the patient’s health, but for his wife, it would sound like a betrayal. As a nurse, I will make it secret after inquiring about the relationship between Mr. Newcomb and the mistress from him. Once I realize the relationship is healthy, I will formulate a way of allowing the patient to meet his friend.