Family relations are becoming increasingly important in the modern world. This cell of society has the opportunity to form the most favorable conditions for future generations. That is why it is necessary to research and find ways to solve problems, difficulties and disagreements between husbands and wives. This is also critically important due to the fact that even at present, the deterioration of family ties will negatively affect not only society, but also the psychological and physical health of individuals (Salinger and Whisman, 2021). At the moment, the Western model of marital relations is particularly widespread, where the relationship is based on friendliness and taking into account the person’s personality as the most important indicator. It is important to note the fact that the relationship between spouses is a direct reflection of the trends in the development of society. This is due to the fact that social conditions are constantly changing and transforming, presenting new requirements to the institution of the family. Hence, recently, the roles of husband and wife have been changing in values. There are often cases where a woman becomes the breadwinner of the family and assumes all responsibility, becoming a leader. However, an integral part of the union of men and women is following religious concepts. Moreover, faith emphasizes the preservation of traditional ideological values. The way people will relate to faith can be passed on to the next generations, which will have both a positive and non-negative character. That is why it is necessary to grow children taking into account religion based on mutual understanding, love and empathy. Modern society, despite its rapid development, is characterized by a sufficient number of social problems. The need to solve them is to improve people’s relationships for the further well-being of other generations. Hence, one of the important questions is the survey of marital relations and issues that may arise in them. It should be noted that in this aspect, the importance of religion and its postulates plays an important role. Thus, this work examines the problems of matrimony, the ways to solve them and the use of faith for a better understanding of the problem. Therefore, more and more literature and scientific works appear on the topic of the relationship between husband and wife. Moreover, special attention is paid to their influence both on social life and on the psychological and physical condition of the spouses (Masoumi et al., 2017). The family as an institution of society occupies one of the central places, therefore it is characterized by increased interest from researchers in various fields. Similarly, this aspect attracts religion into its component, since it can become both a way of uniting spouses and a cause of disagreement. Despite this, most of the studies prove the positive influence of faith on this type of people’s relationships. For these reasons, it is necessary to fully understand the marital relationship, which is characterized by constant changes over time. It is also influenced by such external factors as modernization and globalization. To a greater extent, they influenced the development of the concept of a friendly marriage, which has the features of a partnership relationship, where both parts consciously approach solving many issues and understanding what is happening. However, even in this case, negative and stressful situations may arise that require timely solutions and a sober attitude (Masoumi et al., 2017). Moreover, such healthy relationships are described by a high degree of closeness of spouses, a special level of affection, mutual understanding and empathy. The development of technology and changes in social values have a special effect on the institution of marriage. Hence, in modern society, there is such a type of nuclear family, where a man is engaged in mining to ensure the material side of the family, and a woman is more often engaged in preserving the hearth and caring for children. However, it is also possible to have families where these roles change and the woman is engaged in earnings, and the man is engaged in household aspects. In addition, the Western family model is spreading all over the world, where the main component is just the same friendly relations, and then romantic ones. Therefore, the modern Western model of the family is characterized by a focus on the personality of the partners, and not on the economic or status component. Unlike past experience, in society, first of all, people choose their life partners based on certain qualities, and then according to the level of wealth and position. Moreover, the age gap between generations is growing, which complicates the relationship between, for example, children and parents. This is due to the shift in the pace of formation and establishment of the individual. Family values and patterns of behavior are also changing, adaptation to which may cause some disagreements and issues. The leader in the family is not always the male breadwinner, which also has its own special influence. A stable and satisfying marriage can become an important source of emotional and instrumental support throughout adult life. In addition, it is associated with increased economic well-being, mental and physical health (Rajabi et al., 2020). Some of these obvious advantages of