Dark Side of the Moon is the eighth album of Pink Floyd, the British rock quartet. Since 1973 when it was released, it has been regarded as one of the greatest rock albums in the history of music. In the present day, it definitely deserves listeners’ attention, and its analysis may substantially contribute to self-assessment and self-development. The purpose of this paper is to investigate Dark Side of the Moon from the positions of meanings, sounds, and influence on individuals. Characterized by an extraordinary thoughtfulness, clear conception, and the coherence of lyrics and sounds, Dark Side of the Moon still has a massive impact on human society, reflecting people’s attitude to life, death, madness, money, violence, choice, and social norms.
Dark Side of the Moon may be justly regarded as one of the greatest albums in the history of rock music, if not the most outstanding one. According to Epstein, who wrote for Rolling Stone magazine, “there are hit albums, and then there’s Dark Side of the Moon ” (par. 1). Recorded in several sessions from May 1972 to January 1973 at London’s Abbey Road Studios, Pink Floyd’s eighth album has become commercially successful after its release, with more than 45 million copies sold worldwide (Epstein par. 1). At the same time, Dark Side of the Moon is more than a top bestseller that stayed in charts for breathtakingly many weeks – it has managed to affect its creators and the rock music of the next generations as well. First of all, it was the artistic achievement of Pink Floyd that defined the British quartet’s career and turned an experimental and jam-oriented band loved by college students into worldwide renowned top-echelon rockers. At the same time, the album’s rich songwriting, heavy lyrical musings, and cerebral soundscapes led to people’s countless listening sessions, set quality standards for future albums, and inspired other musicians.
One of the major values of Dark Side of the Moon lies in its conception and thoughtfulness. In comparison with the majority of studio albums that imply a series of unrelated or unconnected songs, Pink Floyd’s well-written masterpiece includes a general theme addressed by all songs. As a matter of fact, there are multiple theories and disputes concerning the album’s concept and general meaning. Although Pink Floyd has partly provided the explanation of particular songs, listeners have been mostly given an opportunity to reflect and decide for themselves.
From a personal perspective, Dark Side of the Moon is about life and its shortness, the importance of living and being human, finding the purpose in life, factors that may impact its fulfillment, and death. At the same time, the album may be regarded as a warning to people about challenges in life that may affect its fragility and lead to insanity and destruction. In other words, “Breathe,” “Speak to Me,” “Time,” “The Great Gig in the Sky,” and “On the Run” are tracks that may be grouped according to their focus on people’s perceptions and multiple aspects of life including its futility and shortness, fear of death, the boredom of routine, parenthood, luck, and the freedom of choice.
In turn, other tracks, such as “Us and Them,” “Money,” “Any Colour You Like,” “Eclipse,” and “Brain Damage” address ideas and concepts that cause destruction, madness, and uncertainty or despair related to life reflected in the album’s other tracks. They are selfishness, greed, social pressure, violence, wars, racism, common insanity, and hidden negative feelings. Thus, Dark Side of the Moon helps listeners realize that the pursuit of material things, social approval, and public acceptance lead to dissatisfaction with life and recognition of its futility.
The meaning of the album corresponds with the ideas of individualism that were spread in the 1970s. According to Thompson, “by the 1970s, society had lost its constraining power and individualism became a matter of self-absorption and the quest for self-development” (851). Thus, concepts reflected in Dark Side of the Moon helped young people to understand themselves better and perceive the ways in which their lives could be fulfilled.
At the same time, listening to the album may be highly beneficial for individuals today, especially millennials who “more than any other generation, are searching for purpose and purposeful work” (Grant 1). Regarded as materialistic, narcissistic, and individualistic, they are concentrated on ambitions, achievements, and competitiveness. However, young people are frequently confused about life balance and their purpose in this world. For them, the album may serve as a source of wisdom and consistency, reminding that searching for truth is natural. It shows that life itself is highly important and appreciating every moment of it is paramount. In turn, there are multiple detrimental concepts, ideas, and events that may limit life fulfillment and lead to despair and madness –