Management accounting involves measuring and reporting of economic activities of an enterprise. It is vital for the decision-making and planning of any organization and society. Managers primarily depend on the information provided by this paradigm for forecasting, operational control, and performance evaluation. For instance, managers use this information to decide what to produce, make, and when to produce. Therefore, it is helpful to them in determining various costs involved in the production process and the needed resources to attain the company’s objectives. Additionally, the management accounting system is financial in nature. Therefore, it feeds into the financial accounting system, especially in the product costing system, which is vital in calculating the cost of sales used in the income statement and inventory cost used in the balance sheets. Arguably, this information can be seen as the backbone to the excellent management and operation of large organizations. Thus its preparation should be made monthly or quarterly and given to the various managers, including the chief financial officers, for efficient operation of their duties. This paper, hence, seeks to create a comprehensive report and analysis of the actual financial performance vis-a-vis the budgeted performance to be presented to the chief financial officer.

Additionally, the management accounting system is financial in nature. Therefore, it feeds into the financial accounting system, especially in the product costing system, which is vital in calculating the cost of sales used in the income statement and inventory cost used in the balance sheets. Arguably, this information can be seen as the backbone to the excellent management and operation of large organizations. Thus its preparation should be made monthly or quarterly and given to the various managers, including the chief financial officers, for efficient operation of their duties. This paper, hence, seeks to create a comprehensive report and analysis of the actual financial performance vis-a-vis the budgeted performance to be presented to the chief financial officer.