Text: Purpose of the Study
The coronavirus has brought changes that would have been deemed as otherwise unimaginable to the setting of the global economy. Specifically, the complete transfer to the online context and the readjustment of strategies for managing financial resources have been essential change that has affected the performance of multiple organizations. Notably, due to the comparative recency of the pandemic becoming a global problem, the history of the issue at hand, namely, the effects of COVID-19 on early childhood education and health management, is quite brief.
Specifically, some of the earliest studies show that the variables in question are deeply interconnected as the pandemic has drastically changed resource allocation. As a result, a range of early childhood education projects has been lacking the necessary funding. Similarly, the management of public health issues in children has been affected by COVID-19 since a sizeable amount of financial resources had to be allocated to address the health crisis. However, the exact relationships between the variables in question are yet to be discovered.
In turn, the issue of early childhood education has been the subject of multiple discussions for quite some time. The developmental significance of providing children with early education opportunities has been examined since the 17 th century and has been actively explored since the 1930s. With the emergence of theories of early childhood education created by Vygotsky, Piaget, and Eriksson, strategies for encouraging the rapid emergence of critical thinking and related academic skills in young children have been devoiced. In their frameworks, the researchers in question specified different developmental stages, explaining the nature and course of cognitive progress. Therefore, understanding these theories is central to examining the effects of external factors, such as the pandemic, on early childhood development opportunities.
Recognizing the role that external factors play in children’s cognitive development is central to building the framework for their successful learning and identifying the effects that the pandemic, with the relevant changes in the Head Start opportunities, has produced on children’s academic options. Therefore, Vygotsky’s developmental framework is vital for examining the variables in question. According to the theorist, social interactions represent the key to effective early childhood development and learning, the zone of proximal development defining the range of skills a child can embrace at a specific time. Therefore, in the context of the pandemic and the drop in social interactions, the opportunities for enhancing early education are significantly reduced.
Similarly, the theoretical framework created by Piaget emphasizes the importance of building cognitive skills at an early age. However, Piaget’s approach suggests the focus on individual learning as opposed to knowledge development through social interactions, which allows suggesting that the lack of Head Start opportunities may not be as devastating to the opportunities for young learners as one might have believed it to be.
Finally, the concept of social support that Head Start offers needs to be reviewed as a critical, independent variable. The subject matter has been examined through the lens of the recent changes in social services, particularly the outcomes of the coronavirus. Specifically, the issues regarding the increase in staff turnover, a rise in workplace burnout, and the resulting unavailability of quality care need to be examined.
It is worth noting that the current body of knowledge lacks evidence concerning the effects of the pandemic on the quality of early education and the development of cognitive skills in children. The specified lack f information is understandable given the relatively short time span over which the pandemic has managed to engulf most the social interactions on global and interpersonal levels. Furthermore, there is a considerable lack of information concerning the specific effects of the absence of Head start opportunities on children’s early development. Therefore, further analysis of the specified concerns is strongly needed to identify perspectives for future early childhood education.
Current Findings
At the same time, believing that the issue of supporting children academically and socially has not been seen as an issue with strong research potential lately. For example, the study by Sciberras et al. has investigated the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the physical and mental health of children in Australia, thus, producing essential results. Furthermore, despite the gap in the analysis of the effects of the levels of social security, particularly the provision of education options and health maintenance opportunities, especially in regard to Head Start services, several studies have outlined the drastic effects of the coronavirus on the quality, efficacy, and frequency of support provided for young learners.
Specifically, the paper by Li et al. denotes the presence of multiple obstacles in addressing the accessibility of early education opportunities and health management services for families affected by the coronavirus. Nonetheless, the issue needs to be explored further in order to identify the exact nature of the problem and the current range of concerns that young learners have in accessing learning options and healthcare services.
Methodology
To address the issues raised above, meticulous and profound research will be required. Specifically, the mixed research method will have to be adopted to gauge the coronavirus’s exact effect on the opportunities for children and their families, as well as the extent of challenges that Head Start has