Text: Introduction
The precise language of the current Intermountain Healthcare (IH) description of PC results in insufficient elaboration of specific nursing responsibilities such as quality of patient life, caregiver support, and non-discriminant patient treatment. A comprehensive PC policy has not been adopted in the IH facilities, leaving care teams to devise an individual approach to each terminal patient, which may be inefficient and result in subpar service. Across the country, many HCPs lack knowledge and skills in pain and symptom management, communication, and care coordination, while the public has only a vague understanding of the benefits of PC and how to access them (Meier et al., 2017). Given a wide range of responsibilities in providing palliative care (PC) and lack of specific instructions, IH healthcare providers (HCPs) filling only primary orders such as medical prescriptions may coincidentally neglect some care aspects. Therefore, an instructive PC policy is needed to facilitate successful administration and ensure equitable access to care services in the IH facilities.
Current Policy
Due to the lack of an established PC policy, most details were obtained from annual reports and public website sections. Palliative care in IH facilities pursues several goals: quality of patient life, symptom relief, family and caregiver support, and a team approach to care and care aligned with patients' aspirations (Intermountain Healthcare, 2018). However, the current key goal is for HCPs to focus on managing pain and other symptoms like nausea or sleep problems (Intermountain Healthcare, 2020b). None of the listed elements are thoroughly elaborated, including the key goal. Intermountain Healthcare (2022) nursing services for end-of-life care include symptom assessment, "skilled services and treatments," and situational management. In addition to nursing care, patients and their families can expect the care team to cover counseling, emotional and spiritual support, medication and supplies, domestic helper services, and home care in acute need (Intermountain Healthcare, 2022). The nuances are to be addressed in a plan of care (POC), jointly created by the care team and the patient based on the diagnosis, symptoms, and other needs (Intermountain Healthcare, 2022). However, it is unclear what 'skilled services' constitute or how detailed POCs are.
Literature Review
Scholars in medical and legal research encourage the development of detailed palliative care policies. Supporting this initiative, IH developed a hospital-based electronic palliative care algorithm to improve the identification of patients benefitting from PC services and calculate PC penetration rates (Gruhler et al., 2018). The algorithm then indicated that the need for receiving PC might be as high as 26.4% of the total IH inpatient population (Gruhler et al., 2018). It will be progressively more challenging for HCPs to devise individualized care plans for IH patients with as high and potentially increasing numbers. Therefore, an approach with great universal applicability is needed to meet this demand.
Furthermore, the policy focus should be on restructuring service delivery as a whole. Palmryd et al. (2021) found that nurses caring for intensive care unit patients did not prioritize integrity, arguing that more explicit guidelines are required to ameliorate the issue. This issue may apply to the IH facilities, given that extant IH guidance on PC does not identify the expectations and responsibilities of each party. Thus, the research mandates a policy change to guide productive communication between providers and patients.
Additionally, the lack of a universal, comprehensive PC opens a leeway for bias. A striking finding was that patients' quality of end-of-life care might depend on the disease the patient suffers (Martinsson et al., 2018). At the same time, Spraker-Perlman et al. (2019) found that IH patients without known critical conditions (CC) benefit significantly from PC support before their death just as much as patients without CC. Therefore, the research necessitates ensuring that the non-discriminant approach to PC provision is specified in the policy.
Lastly, blaming IH nurses for negligence is impractical, given their inability to assist sometimes. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated that the lack of resources and nursing burnout contribute to the increased negligence in PC (Human Rights Watch, 2021). In its Annual Report (2020a), IH recognized that its caregivers focused on creating personal protective equipment (PPE) assembly lines, with their regular duties seeing a significant decrease in hours because of the pandemic. This situation mandates ensuring that nurses can meet the care requirements. Hence, the policy to improve patient care should involve reconsidering the carer support system, as nurses' workload can interfere with the quality and quantity of services provided.
Discussion Outline
A detailed assessment of contributing factors, strategic goals, and budget plan will be required to create and implement the policy successfully. The policy should ensure