I cannot say that I would sequence my genome for several reasons. Firstly, even if it has a positive connotation, this information can alleviate anxiety and stress, but at the same time, I may waste precious time on preventing a severe illness. Secondly, any genome sequencing results are insignificant from the point of view of science since they have the opportunity to either contradict the statistics of the majority of identical sequences or fail to discover a new statistical outlier that carries useful scientific information for society. Finally, this information would be unhelpful for future generations, even within my family, to prevent similar problems in children and grandchildren. Of course, in this case, the financial accessibility of this tool is unimportant, and, in my opinion, sooner or later, it should not be available to most people on Earth. However, such access should be denied after in-depth research into the psychological nature of the perception of the results and the increase of possible harm to the participants’ health.
My attention was not drawn to scientific information that the structure of the genome contains predispositions to certain diseases and that this information can be obtained not only in qualitative but also in quantitative representation. Predictably, 99.9% of people have approximately identical sequences of T, C, G, and A proteins; nevertheless, they contain certain diseases (Sanderson, 2018). The uniformity of the series leads to a limited variety of disorders in the body, including psychological disorders (Sanderson, 2018). The insignificance of the psychological aspect in delivering this information to sequencing participants may provide limited information for further research exploring the relationship between mental health disorders and genome structure (Robinson et al., 2019). A lack of diseases whose symptoms are detectable, but cannot give a complete picture among known diseases, can be studied using sequencing (Robinson et al., 2019). Finally, by sequencing the genome, people provide a minor understanding of some aspects of the causes of diseases, which can give impetus not only to medicine in each specific field but also to pharmacology, psychology, and other related sciences.
I neglect to see my doctors every year to support and prevent health. I avoid going to the gym to keep in shape. I have some back problems and had a severe heart condition as a child, which was cured by adolescence. In my opinion, the timing of this procedure is not critical because by focusing on heart disease in childhood, my parents could perceive a predisposition to a condition of a different nature with less emphasis. We need to find an imbalance between unconscious age, irresponsible decision, and old age when the results of sequencing can help prevent any disease.
This information cannot be used to worsen society in the following way. First, the nature of most serious diseases will not be determined individually for each person for the purpose of prevention and care. Secondly, unknown conditions with specific symptoms cannot be explained in genomics. Finally, mechanisms for working with people who have deviations, including psychological ones, cannot be obtained in the future. The positive impact can manifest itself in the well-understood psychological aspect of delivering information: in some instances, it can benefit a person (Sanderson, 2018). In addition, it is easy to provide further control over the actions of a person who may change his life or dismiss low risks of diseases (Sanderson, 2018). Finally, by making this tool less accessible, it will still be quite easy to check all the people on the planet, leading to justice and social harmony.