From the perspective of business accounting, risk management involves the assessment, evaluation, and mitigation of risk within the practices of an organization. Typically, risk management is seen as a strategic management concept, but within the context of modern businesses, accounting contributes strongly and is heavily invested in risk aversion. Enterprise risk management should be at the core of a professional accounting mindset, and to add value, accountants must be outward-looking risk experts that offer insight for their organizations when meeting their objectives or responding to uncertainty. Finance and accounting provide key quality information to management in a timely manner that can be used by managers at all levels for informed decision-making. Accounting is a tool for success, working with operating management to make conducive decisions, take on evaluated risks, and achieve enterprise strategic goals.

Risk management is a comprehensive process of identifying, analyzing, and mitigating/accepting the risk of uncertainty. Risk is quantifiable in both absolute and relative terms and becomes ultimately inseparable from return on investment. Despite risk being viewed in negative terms, it is necessary to achieve performance objectives. In its basic form in accounting, the risk is a deviation from the expected outcome. The deviation is either positive or negative, but it is generally accepted by financial professionals that increased returns come at greater risk and, in turn, come from increased volatility. Accountants consistently search for means to reduce volatility and risk through the use of various metrics such as standard deviation, distributions, and dispersions. Risk assessment is one of the key components of internal control in organizations, identifying areas of risk loss via accounting records and implementing adequate controls. Evaluating risk statistically and numerically allows for highly informed decision-making in regard to existing or potential risks.

Risk has traditionally been defined in terms of the chance of danger, loss, injury, or other negative consequences. In accounting, the risk is viewed from the perspective of decision trees, probability distributions, cost-volume-profit analysis, pricing models, cash flow models, and many other frameworks. Risk management allows one to methodically address risk, immediately attaching it to organizational activities and pursuing organizational objectives. Effective risk management consists of assessment, evaluation, treatment, and reporting. Meanwhile, the more in-depth enterprise risk management approach is aimed at aligning risk management with a business strategy and embedding a management culture into business operations.

Types of Risk
Risk is broken down into categories allowing for more effective and efficient comparison and evaluation. Risk will always be existent to some extent, so accountants must understand that some level of risk is viable, but tradeoffs and opportunity costs must be considered to either eliminate or maintain some risks. Therefore, it may be helpful to categorize risks, but different institutions may approach this differently.
Market risk – changing conditions in the marketplace where the organization operates, ranging from general market tendencies to specific company-specific elements.
Credit risk – stemming from the risk associated with credit extended to customers and/or suppliers, with the risk that either can default. The company must also ensure that it meets its own credit obligations in a timely manner.
Liquidity risk – this can include asset liquidity and operational funding liquidity. The company must have cash on hand to pay for basic expenses, balancing its assets and operational funding.
Operational risk – risk arising from daily business activities, ranging from crises and lawsuits to fraud and business models.

Role of Accountants
Accountants have an important role in helping organizations with internal controls and risk management processes. It is one of the core competencies of accountancy as a profession to oversee and improve internal control programs in an organization. They ensure that staff members are away of risk control language and standards, which must be met with all financial operations. Accountants virtually create the standards and then implement them in an organization. In a way, accountants are key strategic partners in decision-making management in risk management and consideration.
Accountants are most effective at risk management when they have an understanding of enterprise risk management (ERM) and applications of daily operations of a business. Companies with ERM strategies in place generally thrive better in risk and can focus on business continuity. A significant portion of companies is reactive to risks rather than proactive, and risk management is an activity that is best undertaken offensively before anyone is prepared. In order to do so competently, companies need accounting staff that can measure and manage risks accurately in all their forms. However, for ERM to work, it must be linked directly to company strategy and actions. Accountants have direct insight into a company’s finances and supply chains, so they work cross-functionally with other departments, such as H.R., I.T., sustainability, and others, to essentially evaluate financial and non-financial risks across the organization to construct a holistic risk framework.

Impact on Accounting Quality
ERM gained significant attention and popularity in the midst of the 2008 crisis. It is believed to enhance a company’s ability to soften the impact of a major economic crisis as well as lead to an improved value relevance of account information for firms adopting ERM. Accounting