Text: Introduction
There are a variety of options used by psychologists, psychiatrists, and counselors to identify the symptoms of mental health issues and psychiatric disorders among patients. In turn, the Rorschach test is considered one of the most popular and developed assessment systems utilized in different parts of the world. This test has got a vast spread throughout the media, which is why the majority of the worldwide population is aware of this test due to movies, TV-shows, and fictional stories. On the one hand, such considerable popularity of this assessment tool can be explained by its effectiveness in the process of detecting numerous psychiatric issues. On the other hand, this test has been criticized by scientists and healthcare providers for several decades in a row.
Nowadays, this test is represented as a procedure when the examiner demonstrates the other person each of 10 cards and asks to describe them. In turn, the examinee expresses personal thoughts and ideas regarding the images, thereby, offering a psychiatrist the opportunity to determine some deviations associated with the psychological health of a patient. These cards are mainly black-and-white, although some inkblots are colored. In terms of interpretation and assessment of the results, scientists have been debating since the middle of the past century. As a result, there are numerous evaluation tools which can be applied to the answers of patients. The Rorschach Performance Assessment System (RPAS) and Exner’s Comprehensive System (CS) are regarded as the most reliable and valid assessment tools which can be used for the Rorschach test. Thus, in spite of the fact that the suggested psychiatric test has been critiqued many times, it is still one of the most well-grounded methods to identify psychiatric issues, such as schizophrenia.
History
Even though Rorschach is frequently perceived as the first scientist to assess the psychological well-being of individuals on the basis of ambiguous scenes, this belief is not accurate. In fact, this person was inspired by numerous other influencers aiming at detecting the earliest stages of psychiatric issues. Initially, the boy developed an interest in this area due to the game called Blotto , a form of Klecksography (Teles, 2020). The majority of kids were playing this game at the beginning of the 19th century. However, the production of art and charade-based pictures out of inkblot has become Rorschach’s main point of interest in adulthood as well.
Once the health issue called schizophrenia became a globally recognizable problem, Rorschach began studying the artwork of mental patients. In 1920, the scientist managed to develop 15 inkblot cards which were intended to test the psychological health of patients (Teles, 2020). First, the effectiveness of using these cards was tested with the help of 400 patients, including 117 individuals previously diagnosed with various types of mental health issues. Once the effectiveness of this method of psychiatric assessment was confirmed, Rorschach took appropriate measures to spread this information throughout the whole world. In 1921, the book called Psychodiagnostik was published by the House of Bircher (“The Status of the Rorschach”, 2005). However, the Swedish scientist died one year later due to complications of physical health issues. In turn, the contribution of this individual to the field of psychology and psychiatry was acknowledged only after his death.
Uses
To assess and interpret the responses of patients accurately, it is important to understand how the Rorschach test should be used. First, each respondent should be provided with 10 cards, one by one (Weiner & Greene, 2008). In turn, the examinee is allowed to analyze pictures from different positions. Therefore, test-takers are able to hold the cards upside down or sideways. Moreover, these individuals can provide answers related to their associations with the picture in any form they want; it can be done with one word or several phrases. Second, the examiner is allowed to ask additional questions or stop the process of a patient responding if the given explanation is not subject to future interpretation.
Rorschach and Assessment Practices
Usually, the assessment of received results is based on 2 important steps, such as simultaneous analysis and further interpretation. In the context of the first stage of assessment, examiners pay attention to a variety of different factors. They include the way respondents describe the image, the length of response, extra comments, and the uniqueness of responses. For instance, the majority of individuals have a similar view on the inkblot cards, which is why the responses of mentally stable individuals are usually the same. Therefore, once the individuals provide a unique view of ambiguous scenes, it can be a sign of disturbances in thought patterns. Furthermore, examiners take into consideration the amount of time the respondent takes to give the answer. In fact, if the waiting time for responses taken more than 10 seconds, the person is suspected to be shocked.
As of the assessment practices, there is a variety of