Rousseau’s discourse about the notion of self-love in its two manifestations is a repelling and ignorant one. The philosopher differentiates between amour de soi-même (self-love) and amour-propre (vanity), distinct in their vice. Indeed, on the one hand, self-love as a mere natural feeling of love toward one’s self is identical to vanity. It might be defined as “a natural sentiment which moves every animal to be vigilant in its preservation and which, directed in man by reason and modified by pity, produces humanity and virtue” (Rousseau, 106). Vanity, or egocentrism, on the other hand, is an identical sentiment, the one that originates artificially in society due to the coexistence of individuals with others. In particular, the philosopher states that it “moves each individual to value himself more than anyone else, which inspires in men all the evils they cause one another, and which is the true source of honor’ (Rousseau, 106). The two notions are identical in the nature of desire, which is natural in the case of self-love, and artificial in the case of vanity.
The natural form of self-love is full of comparisons to others and exists in the natural world as a mere characteristic of the need of an individual to strive and survive. Such a form of self-love implies that a person needs anyone else to validate the value of his or her existence. Indeed, “each particular man regards himself as the only spectator who observes him, as the only being in the universe that takes an interest in him, as the only judge of his own merit” (Rousseau, 106). Such a form of love is bad since it leads to human misery, demoting self-efficacy. On the other hand, vanity or egocentrism is a good type of self-love since it avoids comparison with others in a society, which ultimately leads to peace. Due to vanity, people regard others compared to themselves and judge them as weaker, ultimately avoiding offenses.
In the philosopher’s opinion, the cause of inequalities in different spheres of the life of societies is in the adherence to the good type of self-love. Originally, all human beings belonged to a natural world where all species were equal until a physical transformation in their constitution occurred. It ultimately led to the similarities in their physical and psychological state. In particular, “improved or declined and acquired various good or bad qualities which were not inherent in their nature, the others remained longer in their original state” (Rousseau, 33). Over time, with social ties, a moral or psychological equality emerged due to the similarities in property and wealth. The wealthy experienced less power and independence than the poor, which led to social, economic, and political equality.
In his novel 1984 , Orwell unfolds the intrinsic features of a democratic society. A democratic political regime is a system of state laws and conduct that presuppose multi-party rule centered around diverse ideas, which is commonly pursued by peaceful and liberating means. To encourage the population to abide by the democratic rules, the rulers provide opportunities for individual accomplishment and assert control to empower people as unique representatives of a diverse society.
The political regime in Oceania is arranged around the model of communalism. It is an approach to surveillance arranged to put a community as a central controlling point at the top of society with one center overlooking all individuals in the state. Such an approach is manifested in the signs that “a Big Brother is watching you,” in the hierarchical arrangement of the ministries, and the precise attention to the actions of each citizen (Orwell, 4). Such utilization of communalism aims to unite individuals into strong units of society for better collaboration.
Indeed, one of the immediate attributes of a democratic political regime is the principle of uniting and empowering. Such a principle implies constructing social groups based on people’s collective responsibility for their obedience or disobedience to the rules of the democratic state. Throughout the book, it is demonstrated how “Big Brother is watching” every single individual, uniting each citizen with a group and paying attention to one’s behavior (Orwell, 4). Winston, the main character of the novel, works at the Ministry of Truth, where based on the accounts of each individual, historical events are recorded to match the ideas of the Party. In such a manner, when a disobedient (previously united and empowered) individual is embraced, the history might be changed so as to include the records about that person.
A powerful means of control over the masses of people in the novel is the use of a specifically designed language called Newspeak. It is a form of an official language based on the standard English language that is aimed at maximizing the opportunities for critical thinking in the population. In particular, Newspeak “was designed not to extend but to diminish the range of thought and this purpose was indirectly assisted by expanding the choice