Introduction
On 17 February 2020, Mr. and Mrs. Illman submitted a proposal. They suggested a building plan of 4 affordable homes with one local needs home on land east of Beck stones and North of Thornthwaite, Keswick (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2021). According to the plan, the homes consisted of four double-story buildings, and one bungalow within a paddock, all sharing a common parking area. The homes will enjoy the serene view and location on the feet of the historic hill.
Summary of Local People’s Thoughts
The affordable housing plan experienced massive rejections by local people in the proposed area. The local people had their reasons based on the valuable historical view of the national park, such as the lack of need for houses in such a lonely place with high natural vista value (Zhongming et al., 2020). Among other reasons for rejections was the insufficiency of the parking lounge, chances of flooding, and the likelihood of properties surrounding the area losing value (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2021). There were 12 different objections to the idea submitted to the district planners following the proposals, with some opposing the plan and others siding with it.
Some of the submissions included reasons for implementing affordable housing in the selected location. Some submissions indicated that it was apparent affordable housing had been chosen, as the plans were more likely to gain a sympathetic ear from planning officers, being the current highest area of need. The overriding consideration of the local plan was to give greater weight to conserving and enhancing natural beauty, wildlife, and cultural heritage. Any acceptance of the plans would mean that, as the planning authority, they have not fulfilled their duty (Mackinlay, 2022). Other claims raised to the authorities included the serene location of the site, the project’s influence on the neighbors of the homes, and the possible threat the development would impose on protected species and ecology. In addition, some claimed the matter of the appearance the proposed homes would portray (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2020). Consequently, eight letters were submitted to the authorities to support the proposed plan.
One of the supporters said the plan would meet the drastically increasing need for affordable houses. A second supporter said that the local area would keep suffering, as there are no young generations in the villages. A third one said it was a massive surprise for the planning committee to object to the development plan, yet they were aware of the increasing need for affordable houses. Generally, the entire project faced various objections with significant issues rotating about the land’s serenity. Something that required maximal environmental conservation and the ever-rising need for affordable homes. The objections and support of the project by different parties lead to the authorization of a vague one. Every issue raised had some significant weight on the decision to be made.
The Extent to which the Development Accords the Development Plan and the National Planning Policy Framework
Despite meeting a couple of criteria set by the development plan and the National Planning Policy Framework, the development missed some that the same development planning body had set. The first criterion involved regulating development plans to ensure such projects benefit the local area’s rural natural environment and landscape. These main aspects have played a considerable role in promoting tourism and the cultural preservation of history. The proposal submitted by Mr. and Mrs. Illman did not meet this criterion because rather than contributing positively to the area’s landscape, it tarnished the area’s serenity (Gkartzios et al., 2022). The affordable homes are located adjacent to a historical hill and a serene view of the National park. Therefore, the project would block the views tarnishing the area’s landscapes. As a result, the proposed plan is likely to affect tourism negatively, a central idea behind the planning of rural areas.
Furthermore, the project would interfere with the environment because it is located on an undeveloped piece of land. As a result, it will imply interfering with the natural environment to ensure human needs such as roads are available to the homes’ occupants. The second criterion regulates authorization of remote land encroachment on whether the project will enhance the availability of the various services and community facilities. Some of the projects that may meet the requirement include setting up local shops, meeting places, places of worship, and public houses (‘‘Lake District National Park,’’ 2022). The project proposed by Mr. and Mrs. Illman met this criterion as the plan involved the construction of four double-floored homes and one bungalow. As a result, the project will play a key role in addressing the housing problem, which is rampant in the current world. Providing affordable homes in rural areas will play a role in easing the population of people in urban areas.
The third criterion used to authorize rural projects is how the project promotes the development and diversification of the various land-based businesses and agriculture. The plan proposed by the Illman’s failed to