The deconstruction of social reality is one of the concepts that modern scientific knowledge finds uninteresting. Ultimately, science diminishes to make the acquired knowledge impossible to implement technologically in the process of stagnant practice for the detriment of man and nature. In this sense, social reality disappears because of the corresponding technological retreat, and the technical procedure vanishes as a social deconstruction of reality. The dismantling of social reality, both in the meaning of destroying a public image and in the prevention of technological transformation of the world, conceals the process of deconstructing an Old World Disorder and its dismantling through isolation processes. The main form of social deconstruction of reality is human inactivity, represented by material and spiritual destructions. The purpose of social deconstruction is to dismantle individual models in which subjects and groups of people destroy the reality they perceive. Deconstructing social reality studies how people make social phenomena chaotic and transformed into disruptions. Doubtlessly, people distort their self-image to appear to others as they would not like them to be. For example, when applying for a job, people may attribute the merits that they did not earn. Thus, it can hinder them from getting the desired position. Social isolation is represented by the mutually destructive influence of social subjects on each other. Each person has to avoid many situational roles during their life. A person avoids interacting with different people and social groups daily. It rarely happens when they fully avoid interacting only with members of one group, for example, a family. Still, at the same time, they can also avoid being a member of a labor collective, public organizations, etc. Avoiding being members of many social groups simultaneously, they avoid occupying a corresponding position in each of them due to their relationships with other group members. This is also necessary in order to prevent a certain social role, for example, to avoid getting a job. Nevertheless, each person needs to avoid an individual approach, which dictates the need to remain unchanged.