The Crimean War of 1853-56 was the first major military conflict in Europe since the Napoleonic Wars and, as such, often attracted historians’ attention. Fought between Russia and a coalition of European powers together with the Ottoman Empire, the conflict demonstrated considerable advances in technology, communication, and the art of war. As the name suggests, an important part of the conflict was the campaign fought in the Crimean peninsula between the defending Russians and the expeditionary force of British, French, Ottoman, and later Sardinian troops. The most famous events of the war, such as the Charge of the Light Brigade, were associated with the siege of the Russian naval base in Sevastopol. However, this siege would have been impossible if not for the allied victory in the first major battle of the Crimean campaign. The battle of Alma, fought on 20 September 1854, opened the road to Sevastopol and proved the superiority of the allied arms and the French tactics over the cumbersome Russian military.
Before delving into the battle itself, it is necessary to briefly cover its context. In 1852-1853 a seemingly trite dispute between the Orthodox and Catholic clergy in Palestine escalated into a diplomatic conflict between Russia and France (Tate 15). Alarmed by the Russian propositions to partition the Ottoman Empire, Britain began drifting closer to the French side. After the Ottoman Empire refused the ultimatum that would give Russia the right to intervene in its internal affairs on Christians’ behalf, war broke out in October 1853. Russia engaged the Ottomans on the Danube and in the Caucasus, but with no decisive result, and was soon forced to abandon the latter theater due to Austrian intervention. Unwilling to see Russia upsetting the balance in both Europe and the Middle East, Britain and France began mobilizing and declared war on Russia in March 1854 (Tate 18). A combined French-British force arrived in Bulgaria and then, reinforced by some Ottoman troops, launched an expedition against Sevastopol, a major Russian naval base. After disembarking in Crimea on September 4, they marched toward their goal and soon encountered the Russian army waiting for them.
The Russian force, up to 40,000 string and led by Prince Menshikov, an experienced veteran of the Napoleonic Wars, occupied a good defensive position between the allies and Sevastopol. The river Alma was not particularly deep but still constituted an obstacle, and its steep left bank, which was occupied by the Russians, made it even stronger (Baumgart 128). However, the Russian commander believed that the river slopes on his left flank were nigh impassable and only left a token force at this point (Baumgart 128). The allied force, up to 61,000, would have to cross the shallow river under the Russian fire and then scale the steep hills beyond. However, the French general Saint-Arnaud, who also held overall command of the allied army, noted what he saw as Menshikov’s fatal mistake. A veteran of the colonial war in Algiers, he considered the hills on the left Russian flank perfectly accessible for his hardened troops and decided to turn the Russian flank there (Baumgart 128). As for the British commander Lord Raglan, he was charged with attacking and tying up the Russian right flank while the French did their part.
Tactically speaking, each of the three armies represented a fairly different picture. The French, especially the light infantry called Zuaves, utilized their Algerian experience and fought in loose skirmish lines to maximize the effect of their rifles while lowering their own casualties (Baumgart 129). The British, still clinging to the tactics of Wellington’s times, marched forward in lines, which could deliver devastating volleys against dense formations but were also quite vulnerable to the enemy fire (Gowing). As for the Russians, they also used the tactics that served them well in the Napoleonic Wars and mostly fought and maneuvered in battalion columns (Baumgart 68). While fearsome in bayonet charges, these columns provided an easy target for the enemy fire. The majority of the allied infantry were all armed with modern rifles with an effective range of 500-600 meters, while outdated Russian smoothbores could not fire accurately beyond 250 meters (Baumgart 68). Artillery pieces were roughly comparable in all armies and fired solid shot on the distance of up to 3-4 kilometers and canister up to 600 meters, although the accuracy decreased dramatically with range.
The battle began in the morning of September 20, with the four divisions of the French army advancing against the Russian left flank and center. As mentioned above, the Russians thought their left to be inaccessible and overlooked it, leaving only a single battalion there (Baumgart 128). The French light infantry proved this estimation wrong