The Battle of Ia Drang was the first large military engagement in the Vietnam War between the forces of the United States Army and the People’s Army of Vietnam (PAVN). Conducted as part of the Pleiku Campaign, the Battle of Ia Drang occurred in the Ia Drang valley in two stages on November 14-19, 1965. The battle, known for its first large-scale helicopter assault and consistent air support, established the model of further military engagements by American forces and their tactics in the Vietnam War. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the historical event of the Battle of Ia Drang from the perspective of the operational art and design concept, Joint Planning, and other appropriate joint doctrinal publications.

On the morning of November 14, the troops of the 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry, initiated a heliborne assault into Landing Zone X-Ray with the purpose of preventing an attack on the Plei Me camp discovered by intelligence earlier. Towards the end of the second day, after successfully holding positions, the U.S. ordered the first use of B-52 carpet bombings, striking key positions of PAVN forces. Accurate artillery strikes throughout the battle also served as critical support for the troops, holding back PAVN forces that significantly outnumbered the Americans. On the third day, PAVN continued desperate attacks on the U.S. positions until, eventually, L.Z. X-Ray was secured. The U.S. forces lost 79 soldiers and had 121 wounded, while 634 PAVN soldiers were confirmed dead, with an estimated another 1215 dead from long-distance artillery and airstrikes.

As L.Z. X-Ray was secured, and units were dispersed to other locations. Under the command of Lt. Col. Robert McDade, the 2nd Battalion, 7th Cavalry began its path towards LZ Albany approximately 2 miles northeast. McDade’s troops encountered the remains of the PAVN 33rd and 66th regiments, resulting in an ambush that spread the U.S. troops into small groups as the initial group marched in a single-file column. The battle lasted for nearly 16 hours near LZ Albany. Eventually, air support was able to bomb areas of potential PAVN encampments at a safe distance from U.S. troops while reinforcements arrived from other L.Z.s. In the clash at LZ Albany, 155 US troops were killed or missing, with 124 wounded, while 403 PAVN soldiers were confirmed dead.

Operational Art and Design
Cognitive Approach
Operational art is the cognitive approach used by military leadership utilizing their capabilities and judgment to develop strategies and operations to utilize military forces through the integration of ends, ways, means, and risks based on available information. Operational design is a methodology planner which provides the structure to support the operation and methods to address the problem. American operations in Vietnam began with Operation Rolling Thunder which consisted mostly of air bombardments and support for South Vietnamese forces. There was no clear consensus on the end to be achieved, the means that ground forces were to use, and the eventual cost. Pres. Johnson initially sought to pursue a limited war theory approach and minimize involvement. The American commander in Vietnam, Gen. William C. Westmoreland, saw America’s commitment to military victory, and the initial troops of two battalions were present to protect U.S. airports.

Design Methodology
Operational design in joint doctrine consists of three components understanding the environment, defining the problem, and developing an operational approach. There was a need for large numbers of U.S. troop presence, especially with a division with offensive capabilities in the Central Highlands, which included the Ia Drang Valley. The primary concern of the MACV commander was that the North Vietnamese conventional units amassing in the region were preparing an offensive. This attack would have had the purpose of either destroying the South Vietnamese government, splitting apart their forces along Highway 19, or carving out an autonomous district and establishing a Communist presence in South Vietnam.