Introduction
A large portion of different societies is structured and administered according to a set of rules, ethics, morality, and laws. Interestingly, when ancient civilizations evolved, they depended on rules and codes to maintain order throughout the empire. The Code of Hammurabi, written on stole stele and clay tablets, was the earliest written system of laws, consisting of 282 enshrined rules. The set of legislation was coined by Hammurabi (r. 1795-1750 BCE), the Babylonian monarch who invaded and subsequently governed ancient Mesopotamia. The codes are considered to have had a significant impact on the lives of Babylonians, spanning from political significance, ensuring fairness, economic significance, as well family and criminal legislation.
Justice and Prosperity
The codes have acted as an inspiration for creating justice in various civilizations. Hammurabi had a broad view of justice for all people. In conclusion to The Code, he claimed, “The great gods have summoned me, and I am certainly a shepherd who is bringing peace and whose sceptre is righteous.” While attempting to address future leaders, The Code asserts in the epilogue: May the ruler selected in the land examine the just words I have carved on my monument for a long time to come. As an element of the idea of justice, Hammurabi also asserts that he would defend the vulnerable against injustice by the strong.
As a portion of his idea of equality and justice, prosperity is addressed. When Hammurabi asserts that he has provided “wealth to the population forever,” he is talking about welfare concerning economic prosperity and the well-being of his people. However, considering the focus dedicated to private ownership, contracts, salaries, and markets, it is possible to argue that Hammurabi was interested in the economic challenges of the Babylonians. Thus, Hammurabi sought to create an institutional framework appropriate for economic growth by prioritizing prosperity alongside justice.
Recognition of Economic Actors
Agriculture and international trading was the primary activity in Hammurabi’s domain. The Code relates to merchants acting via an agency in international commerce instead of themselves. The merchants fulfilled specific tasks of banking in the Babylonian economic system. One component of banking is receiving deposits and serving as custodians of these funds. For example, in order to deposit expensive items such as silver and gold, The Code requires that an agreement be written out in the company of witnesses. According to law 122 of The Code, if a man intends to offer gold or silver to a man for safe custody, he must present whatever he provides to witnesses. Similar to today’s legal system, The Code establishes the necessity of witnesses and unbiased judges. The law makes it apparent that there can be no viable claim without an agreement or a witness.
Recognition of Private Property
Accordingly, The Code recognizes private ownership in the sense of land and personal assets. In the absence of private property laws and their execution, the Babylonian economy, with its agents, merchants, and landowner-cultivators, could not operate. Violations of property rights carried severe punishments, including the death penalty. According to Law six, if a man steals something belonging to a deity or a kingdom, he should be sentenced to death, as shall everyone who receives the stolen stuff from his hands. The law makes no difference between an innocent recipient of stolen goods and a knowing recipient of stolen things. The death penalty is sentenced to both the offender and the recipients of stolen items.
Enslaved people were considered property under The Code, and enslavers’ privileges were vigorously enforced. Law 15 specifies that if a man allows an enslaved person or slave girl from a palace to escape, he should be sentenced to death. The Babylonian society considered robbery attempts as a grave offence. According to Law 21, if a man breaks into a house, he should be put to death and hanged. Additionally, firefighters who attempted to seize the assets of the fire victims were also sentenced to death. According to Law 25, if a fire breaks out in a man’s house and the individual who goes to extinguish takes an item from the house, that man should be flung into the flames. Thus, it is apparent that The Code regarded property rights breaches seriously and punished them with the death penalty in most cases. Hammurabi’s Code establishes particular punishments for various offences, as with modern laws.
Sanctity of Contracts
The Code and various clay tablets and stele from the Hammurabi period demonstrate that no transaction was deemed legal without a documented contract. Once the agreement was signed, all parties were obligated to abide by its provisions. Any infringement was subject to dire consequences or sanctioning. According to Law 36, a chieftain’s farm, garden, and residence cannot be sold. These are comparable to feudal estates in that they are bestowed by the monarch in exchange for royal service and are thus permanent in the sense that they cannot be auctioned.