Ethical egoism is a normative theory that advocates that a person’s own good is consistent with the concept of morality. Ethical egoism also does not require moral agents to prejudice the interests and well-being of others by making their moral choices. Thus, ethical egoism claims that actions whose consequences benefit the performer of these actions are ethical. A possible moral choice in the situation can also be interpreted from the point of view of the theory of existentialism and hedonism.

Point of View of the Theory of Ethical Egoism
On the one hand, it seems that Nora’s impulse to copy off a friend’s report is consistent with the basic concepts of ethical egoism because she will benefit from this action. However, the concept of ethical egoism does not necessarily entail that, in pursuit of one’s interests, people should always do what they want if the fulfillment of momentary desires can negatively affect a person in the future. A thoughtlessly written off report entails quite tangible consequences, and getting a poor mark is only one of them. If it is possible to choose a good variant without harming others, then it is the right choice. Setting up a friend in this way will not lead to a good outcome for Nora: she will lose her trust and ruin her reputation. Thus, from the point of view of ethical egoism, Nora must weigh the risks and make a choice in favor of the minimum negative consequences for herself, taking into account the possibility of a damaged relationship with the friend, loss of reputation, a poor mark, as well as possible shame for what she did.

Point of View of Other Ethical Theories
One of the most advantageous theories applicable to the whole situation is the ethical theory of existentialism. Evaluation of Nora’s moral choice is impossible from the point of view of theories based on the result obtained during the analysis since it is unpredictable in this situation. If Nora writes off the work, she and her friend will be in danger of being punished. However, everything can go well, and no one will notice the decommissioned work. There is another option: if Nora honestly tells the teacher that she does not have enough time to finish the work, the punishment can be mitigated. Nora can also ask her classmate for help; perhaps together, they will have enough time to do something before the deadline. From the existential point of view, the very fact of having a free choice makes a person exist, which means that it is not so important whether the choice is good or bad. On the other hand, the concept of hedonism puts the pleasure of the individual above anything else; the attempt to avoid punishment and the possible benefit, as well as the pleasure of resolving the situation, can be worth deception.

Ethical Issues of Using Drones
In the 2010s, the US administration adopted a drone program; over several years, five hundred and sixty-three drone strikes were carried out in Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen, killing more than 800 civilians. Naturally, questions about the ethics of using such weapons quickly arose in society. The moral question, not based on legality, is whether it is morally good or bad to use drones. The main moral issue regarding drones is the ambiguous impact of this technology on the pilots’ health.

The government’s point of view suggests that remote weapon drones are a good solution for minimizing physical costs in the military. Indeed, drone pilots are not physically present on the battlefield. However, although the pilots are not near the drone, they play a major role from the ethical side of the issue. Moreover, the risks to human life and health are not limited to physical damage. Many cases of psychological stress of operations’ participants have been registered, and the harm of moral injuries negatively affects health as physical ones. Some may argue that the psychological harm to the drone pilot is exaggerated, but technology does not standstill. Rapidly advancing technology in general calls for a rethinking of many ethical issues (Quinn, 2020). As this technology improves, RPA pilots will see the target not as mere pixels but as a person; therefore, increased psychological consequences are inevitable.

One more ethical issue is associated with the use of drones related to the difficulty of the decision to start a war on the part of the state. The possibility of remote warfare makes the decision to start a war too easy. Therefore, any decision to start a war under such circumstances may be unfair. Another ethical complication is how far the goals of such a war justify the means: civilian casualties and danger to the pilot. Of course, casualties among the population are inevitable in the conduct of any war; with drone technology, casualties can be minimized, but it does not occur. It is still impossible to imagine a war completely remote from all sides. Even if the drone pilot himself is safe, the person supporting the operation from the ground is in mortal danger. Thus, the assumption that long-range combat capabilities lead to risk-free wars is