Text: Abstract
The construction industry is changing rapidly, modernising and improving existing house-building tools. These changes are coupled with an increasing trend towards green construction, in which the environmental and economic aspects of construction are effectively balanced, and harm to the environment and people minimised. This is especially noticeable in the cladding industry, which protects buildings from external hazards and adds aesthetic features. Different materials are used for cladding, but it is not clear which is more sustainable and user-friendly. In 2020, propelled by UK environmental organizations, the UK expert panel recommended large scale testing of cladding systems to better understand what types of cladding are more eco-friendly. In this context a review of popular cladding material aimed at finding the most eco-friendly cladding is especially relevant. An extensive literature review of digitally available academic sources, interviews and questionnaires with professionals in the industry was undertaken to find the best façade material to meet the requirements of eco-sustainability and cost-effectiveness.
In this work the comparison of different cladding materials was undertaken. They were compared in terms of durability, cost-effectiveness, water and heat retention, combustibility, and harmful emissions into the atmosphere. The data was gathered through looking at raw official statistics posted by official government bodies such as the office for national statistics and by looking at cladding ecological properties analyzed in scholarly sources. Moreover, interviews were taken from leading experts in the industry to find out modern tendencies in building.
The key trends in cladding industry nowadays include the use of vinyl siding, sandwich panels, thermopanels and clinker. Siding is made of vinyl, and though it is a low-cost material, plastic is prone to cracking, so it is not suitable for buildings situated in hot regions. Sandwich panels are cost-effective but not environmentally friendly; production of panels presupposes chemical processing, as a result of which formaldehyde is released into the environment. Moreover, strength indicators of buildings made of sandwich panels are lower that the indicators of houses made of wood or brick. Clinker is not cheap; although it has excellent performance properties, including great strength, it can hardly be used for large-scale building due to its high price. Thermopanels blend the ease of use of vinyl siding and the strength of clinkers. They are durable and resistant to decay and heat, and have excellent building properties. Moreover, thermopanels are ecologically friendly. However, panels with polyurethane foam are more expensive than siding.
The key finding of the whole study is that wood is a material with a unique combination of natural, environmentally friendly properties and a comparable low cost of use. For the UK market, wood is an excellent resource that is technically easy to transport and renewable. Based on the findings, it can be concluded that wood building materials, including recycled materials, should be used for façade cladding. This has made it possible to follow the principles of green building and invest in improving Britain’s environmental and economic agenda.
Introduction
The ongoing civilisational progress of society is naturally reflected in all professional spheres. The emergence of new ethical standards and a philosophy of concern for the environment as a manifestation of the evolution of human consciousness impose restrictions on the activities undertaken. While in the context of professions related to environmental activism and human interaction, such transformations are evident, these trends are not so tangible in the construction industry. Nevertheless, the gradual incorporation of new social and environmental standards into the construction industry is difficult to ignore: more and more companies are starting to produce environmentally friendly materials or products with a reduced carbon footprint (REF). At the same time, the production of such materials aims to reduce non-recyclable industrial waste and reduce the company’s polluting footprint (REF).
From a developer’s point of view, trends towards a new construction approach are also being seen: houses and neighbourhoods under construction are being made green and environmentally friendly (REF). This mainly includes the use of durable but high-quality materials, whose long-term sustainability will not affect their ecological performance (REF). However, the impact on the local landscape, the number of natural resources expended, and the cumulative construction waste are also considered.
At the same time, the central aim of any business, namely the preservation and multiplication of capital, dictates its requirements for companies in the construction industry (|REF). This is not a negative manifestation of capitalism, but the thesis of companies’ emphasis on profitability should be recognised as a fact. Manufacturers cannot focus only on finding and producing entirely environmentally friendly materials, as this would have a tangible effect on the financing of projects. In pursuing the perfect resource, a company risks losing all profits and delaying production, which becomes a serious threat to local competitiveness.
Consequently, companies struggling to meet current agendas and social demands need to find a sustainable balance between environmental and economic benefit strategies. For this reason, business leaders are not faced with the idea of pouring all their resources into the environmental direction, so the term most eco-friendly product may seem redundant.