Employees of the company are under constant control of the management, are discriminated against, and are at risk of being dismissed for unknown reasons. The article claims that Amazon increases the efficiency of its sales due to total control over employees. At the same time, employees are often dismissed if they do not achieve goals that the management keeps secret. For example, among the methods for evaluating the efficiency of warehouse employees is the indicator of the number of processed packages per hour. However, the company’s management does not tell the employees what indicators must be achieved. Often employees find out about this only after receiving warnings about improper work. If an employee does not reach the secret indicators, he receives a message about his dismissal.
Amazon also installs surveillance cameras at workplaces. According to the company, this is done to reduce the number of thefts. The researchers claim that the extensive network of cameras also allows the company’s management to track every step of an employee. The articles say that when entering the warehouse, Amazon requires employees to dispose of all their personal belongings, except for a bottle of water and a transparent plastic bag with cash. The location of Amazon drivers is constantly recorded and monitored. They are required to follow the exact route that is laid out on the map. Drivers must deliver 999 packages out of every thousand on time. This rule has led to widespread speeding and the associated increase in the number of accidents.
The article says that Amazon employees are under constant stress, processing hundreds of orders per hour. This leads to constant panic at work. In this sense, Amazon treats workers dehumanizingly, like robots: they are persistently asked to complete task after task with relentless speed. At the end of the day, warehouse employees are required to pass a mandatory inspection — they are checked for the possibility of theft. Waiting for an inspection lasts from 25 minutes to an hour, and this time is not compensated in any way. According to the authors, Amazon does not consider work injuries to the extent that Amazon employees feel forced to work because of the pain and injuries they receive at work. Company regularly fires workers who fall behind their quotas without taking into account such injuries, researchers say. In some cases, the number of severe injuries in Amazon warehouses is more than five times higher than the industry average.
According to employees, unions could fight with difficult working conditions at Amazon, but the company does not allow them to occur. The employees’ words were confirmed when Amazon published the vacancies of an analyst and a senior analyst. The job descriptions said that candidates would join Amazon’s Global Intelligence Program to collect information, among other things, about threats to the organization of labor against the company. In the vacancy, trade unions are listed along with hostile groups, terrorists, and activist groups. The vacancy mentions that the collected data can be used in court to ban activist groups. After the content of the vacancies was condemned in social networks, Amazon deleted them, noting that mistakes were made in it.
Improvement of The Psychological State
Organizational Programmes of Stress Management
A positive socio-psychological atmosphere boosts employee productivity, enhances well-being and happiness, and encourages all types of activity. The development of an SPC in the team is a critical management approach that must be completed while taking into consideration the surrounding circumstances. On the other hand, the socio-psychological climate refers to a stable moral environment or the team’s general emotional condition, as evidenced by employee connections and attitudes toward the common good. First and foremost, it is critical to building both vertical and horizontal inter-group and interpersonal relationships in order to create a good socio-psychological environment in the team. A manager at any level must maintain vertical and horizontal relationships while maintaining feedback with all management relationships.
The promotion of integrating goals between the enterprise’s upper management and the employees is required to create a positive atmosphere. The ability of management to continuously assess and change the style, means, forms, and techniques of team management, taking into account changing situations, is a necessary requirement for the development of a pleasant environment. It also involves the capacity to maintain a balance of rights and obligations among employees while performing job duties and the ability to operate in informal settings. Employees’ psychological condition is defined by their level of contentment with their current position. However, not only is the psychological environment important, but so is the kind of employment, its reputation and substance, compensation, career possibilities, and the availability of alternative interesting opportunities. The following factors are distinguished from the others in the formation of the team’s socio-psychological environment:
  * Each employee’s professional and personal talents are in accordance with the structure and substance of their work. This ensures a normal workday and the absence of resentment over coworkers’ achievements.
  * The highest possible alignment of ethical and moral attitudes and motivations for action is required for mutual trust and understanding among coworkers. Each employee’s capabilities can complement each other and be unified in a single creative and labor process.
  * Rational and fair distribution of functions among