Rewritten Text:
The culture of Eastern European countries varies from the American one. The present essay discusses a peculiar Russian cultural event called Maslenitsa that symbolizes the “awakening of Nature from hibernation” (Maltseva, 2020, p. 26). Initially, that is a pagan festival and means “miraculous transformation of the Sun – the son of the pagan Slavic god Kolyada, into a beautiful, flourishing young man – Yarilo-Sun” (Maltseva, 2020, p. 26). In other words, during this festival, people see off winter and meet spring. Every year the festival starts at different dates because this depends on the dates of celebration of the Passover that, in its turn, depends on the Vernal Equinox. Maslenitsa could be translated as a butter week. Apart from Russian Maslenitsa, the essay discusses the French Mardi Gras and Polish Tlusty Czwartek.
Reflection on the Event
I have learned about this cultural event from my Russian friend, who always cooks pancakes to celebrate it. Later, I watched a video from this festival on YouTube and found it immensely vivid and fun. In the video, one could see how people sing, dance, play the accordion, cook and eat pancakes, play team games, such as tug of war and king of the hill, and build a fortress out of snow (CCTV Video News Agency, 2018). While watching the video, what stood out for me is that adults are as willing to participate in it as children. It is curious to notice that this festival illustrates a great sense of unity because in games, commonly there are two teams, and while dancing, unfamiliar people hold hands.
At the beginning, the festival seems rather dull and resembles a fair where people eat food and buy goods. Nonetheless, later, this first impression disappears when people start playing and dancing. At the same time, what I have seen does not provoke a desire to join. Besides, the tradition of burning an effigy of Maslenitsa that takes the shape of a woman is a bit cruel.
Research on the Event
As it has already been mentioned, Maslenitsa is a pagan festival. At the same time, Russia is an orthodox Christian country, and religion is an inseparable component of its self-image (Curanovic, 2019). The week of celebrating a pagan Maslenitsa is followed by the orthodox Great Lent that lasts 40 days. Therefore, the festival of Maslenitsa shows a distinctive mixture and co-existence of worldviews within one country. Before Christianization in 988, ancient Russia was pagan, and the tradition to celebrate Maslenitsa has survived over centuries.
Another curious fact is related to the duration of this festival. More precisely, Maslenitsa lasts for one week, during which people every day eat pancakes to get prepared for the following Great Lent (Maltseva, 2020). It seems complicated for the representatives of other cultures to eat pancakes with butter, sugar, caviar and jams the entire week. The event described above is held on the last day of Maslenitsa. The majority of modern people celebrate only the last day and escape the traditional part of the festival that proposes to eat pancakes all week long. Russian pancakes are not the same as American ones, they resemble French crepes, and the thinner and leakier Russian pancakes are, the better.
Outside Influence and Historical Ways of Celebration
In recent decades, globalization and westernization have heavily affected cultures worldwide. As it is stated by Ergashev and Farxodjonova (2020), globalization has a substantial adverse impact on national cultures and deprives them of their distinctiveness. Undoubtedly, the overall Russian culture has experienced changes provoked by the influence from outside. Nevertheless, the power of this influence is not that strong to alter the centuries-old traditions of Maslenitsas celebration (Chetverikova, 2018). During this fest, people still wear national costumes, sing ancient songs, and play ancient games. Without a doubt, some organizers of such festivals might put popular western music in the background. Still, in most cases, people carefully follow the traditions of their Slavic ancestors.
From what is written above, one could infer that the event is being practiced the same as it has been historically in modern times. The minor difference is that over time this festival lost its pagan component. For instance, Slavic tribes associated Maslenitsa with the end of spring and the commemoration of the souls of the dead (Wijethunga & Abeysinghe, 2018). Currently, there is a separate day for visiting the graves of friends and relatives in Russian culture.
Secondary Cultural Events: Similarities
Maslenitsa has analogs all over European and Latin American countries.