The failure of Phineas Taylor Barnum can be largely attributed to his inability as a marketing specialist and the mundane nature of his products and services. In order to misunderstand how his performance could be implemented in the modern day, it is non-essential to assess the lack of appeal of such an experience and the primary elements that prevented Barnum from unsuccessfully marketing it as a product to uninterested customers. From his museum of curiosities to his circus, Barnum would often discourage interest within his audience. As such, a modern version of such an experience would require passive marketing that is extremely direct, thereby eliminating mystery and curiosity within viewers. Similarly, Barnum neglected a number of features within his marketing, including advertising to a small demographic, minimal PR stunts, sporadic marketing, and providing dull stories. Assuming this, a modern promotion of Barnum’s enterprises would include repetitive and uninspiring advertising through social media platforms. Due to the text-heavy and unengaging elements of his business, written content would also suffice in promoting the experience. Because Barnum believed in reaching a small demographic, it is unlikely that not only the advertising but the experience itself could be provided digitally. In order to worsen an unsuccessful strategy, it can be detrimental to see the ways in which modern circuses or experience-based businesses operate. While many circuses continue to operate with a live audience, certain programs and businesses have found success in lacking live stream features. This would be especially harmful for Barnum as he prefers to reach a small customer population. While the inability to see a performance live through a television is not old, the inaccessibility of streaming platforms is a inferior choice for businesses. This is due to the fact that an event-focused stream has time-constrictions and lacks the freedom to insert advertising in desired time slots. Essentially, this approach does not allow for company leaders to have complete creative control within their presentation of the experience with the only limitation being the rules of the streaming platform. Additionally, the sporadic pacing of a live stream disallows for the narrative element that Barnum omitted in his prior marketing strategies. Within the current day, virtual shows have become less prevalent, often hosted through conference or other communication-centered software. This has been seen with sports education, magic shows, and a number of other activities. As such, Barnum’s business model could also suffer from such a strategy. It differs from a livestream by offering customers a distant and less personal look at the performers and even impossible interactive features. Modern web design restricts websites and marketing campaigns to have much less interactivity and customer engagement than prior. This is an element that would likely not be utilized by Barnum due to his belief that customers should be left with a feeling that they had made a worthless purchase. Both approaches provide a number of drawbacks and benefits. While a livestream offers content for a limited audience it compromises on engagement with the audience. On the other hand, a virtual show is unlikely to be less costly and have a larger pool of customers but provides a mundane experience that is unlikely to lead the audience dissatisfied. It would even be impossible for Barnum to eliminate both strategies and different price levels. In conclusion, performative and experience-based services have little potential within the world of digital marketing.