The advancement of data and communication technology provides a new possibility for developing company strategies centered on client value co-creation. This is especially noticeable in the financial sector, more specifically, the banking field. In this situation, the competitive process can be aided by e-banking operations. Financial services are currently evolving in tandem with technological advancements. Clients always had to come directly to the financial institution to perform activities with their money. However, with the progress of technologies, the same actions were allowed to be done distantly with the help of electronic banking (e-banking).

Today, e-banking implies a financial information system provided by the bank using modern wireless technology to facilitate the quick and easy conduct of financial transactions. The objective of this paper is to investigate the field of electronic banking and explore the correlation between e-banking and customer satisfaction. The significance of our study is in the critical issues of e-banking and the areas of improvement that the banks can eliminate or improve to boost customer satisfaction. To increase customer satisfaction with e-banks, businesses must increase the following factors: speed of operations, dependability, safety and confidentiality, and a client-oriented approach.

In the last 10-20 years, financial institutions have significantly moved from traditional financing to E-banking. The waves of development and technical breakthroughs aided banks in expanding their number of clients and E-banking products, which paved the way for financial services to flourish and become more accessible. Clients now can see watch their account balances, perform cash transactions, deposit accounts, text, and transfer payments to other individuals and companies using directions supplied to their smartphones by institutions.

Electronic banking is also known as internet or mobile banking. These are platforms that banks may use to offer clients easier access to services. Namely, a client utilizing online banking does so via a computer connected to the internet, while a consumer using banking apps does so using a smartphone or tablet. According to wireless usage of e-banking demonstrates the distinction between the two types of banking settings, while users consider flexibility to be among the most crucial characteristic of the electronic banking business. The most important aspect of electronic banking is its dependability. More significantly, bank consumers think that important online financial institutions are being utilized, even though digital banking is the least expensive route.

Client satisfaction is among the essential topics in consumer research nowadays. In general, it connects buying process to post-buying phenomena, including attitude adjustment, purchase frequency, and brand recognition. According to a sense of pleasure occurs when consumers share their impression of the goods or services and when their experiences align with the expectations. Thus, satisfaction levels correlate directly with the work of banks’ apps and services.

Define consumer satisfaction, a variety of definitions have been presented. Nonetheless, the concept of evaluating service execution and assumptions appears to be shared by most interpretations. describe satisfaction as a favorable post-purchase assessment judgment about a good or service. Likewise, described client satisfaction as a customer reaction to the appraisal of the observed gap between hopes and outcomes after usage. Satisfaction may also be defined as the result of a post-purchase evaluation of a service or good as opposed to the prior-buying stage’s expectations.

Other studies, contrary to this, have discovered that the influence exercised throughout the purchase and consuming stages of the goods or services may also have a significant effect on the user’s judgments of contentment. Therefore, client satisfaction is a consumer’s experience of joy or unhappiness after comparing an item’s or service’s effectiveness to their expectations. Following these criteria and the context of this study, client satisfaction is the overall user’s perspective formed in reaction to utilizing any type of E-Banking service. As a result, E-Banking qualities may enhance, decline, or maintain the same level of client contentment.

With a variety of research pointing to a link between e-banking customer experience and customer happiness, the issue lies within the definition of services of products that make customers increasingly happy and satisfied. According to our study’s examination of the literature, the following factors play an immense role in client satisfaction: speed of operations, dependability, safety and confidentiality, and a client-oriented approach. With the proper combination of these elements, an e-banking organization will be able to increase the level of customer satisfaction. Additionally, to create a bigger client base, advises banks to make a more extensive awareness of the service ambiguity.

The speed of operations implies the speed of money transfers, payments, money withdrawals, or money deposits. Dependability in this situation can be described as the overall reliability of the app and the safety of its usage. Additionally, safety and confidentiality prove to play a significant role in the evaluation of satisfaction levels. In case an organization has a bad reputation and a scandalous record, the level of trust in the company can significantly decline. The last factor, the client-oriented approach, is responsible for the quick response of the support team. Proper responses from support teams can change the attitudes of clients drastically.

The given research is based on the qualitative approach,