An organizational structure is a framework that specifies how various operations within an enterprise are coordinated to meet its objectives. Joseph and Gaba (2020) enumerated that these operations may include regulations, positions, and obligations. Additionally, the management chart impacts how information moves between firm levels. In a centralized system, for instance, choices flow from the top down, but decision-making authority is spread across multiple organizational levels in a decentralized model. The firm structure permits businesses to maintain efficiency and concentration. A growth plan enables businesses to extend their operations by adding new sites, investing in client acquisition, and increasing product lines. Thus, a company’s growth plans are influenced by its sector and primary audience. This essay describes the institutional structure of Adidas Company, including details about the type of ownership, corporate hierarchy, and business model. Moreover, the paper discusses some of the opportunities for growth available for Adidas by identifying three external factors that it needs to consider. An organizational structure is a framework that specifies how various operations within an enterprise are coordinated to meet its objectives. Joseph and Gaba (2020) enumerated that these operations may include regulations, positions, and obligations. Additionally, the management chart impacts how information moves between firm levels. In a centralized system, for instance, choices flow from the top down, but decision-making authority is spread across multiple organizational levels in a decentralized model. The firm structure permits businesses to maintain efficiency and concentration. A growth plan enables businesses to extend their operations by adding new sites, investing in client acquisition, and increasing product lines. Thus, a company’s growth plans are influenced by its sector and primary audience. This essay describes the institutional structure of Adidas Company, including details about the type of ownership, corporate hierarchy, and business model. Moreover, the paper discusses some of the opportunities for growth available for Adidas by identifying three external factors that it needs to consider.