Neutral to Negative Rewrite:
Active Political, Social, Cultural, and Economic Environment

To comprehend the complexities of a country's development and assess its prospects concerning economic, social, and political well-being, a comprehensive analysis is typically required. While the presence of external factors is also significant, the resources available to state residents, as well as capacities that the state in question possess, play an essential part in promoting further economic and sociocultural development. For Australia, the described factors have been somewhat challenging over the past couple of decades, hindering the state's evolution and sustainable use of its economic resources and other assets.

Political Stability and Instability Structure

When evaluating the factors contributing to the current rates of political stability within Australia, one should note that it has not been significantly affected by British colonialism. Due to the geographic location complicating the process of colonialism, Australia had been isolated from the impact of British rule for a while, which delayed the state's development and political changes within its framework based on unique factors attributed to its setting. Moreover, upon shedding the British rule, Australia managed to establish relationships with other states on equal footing, which somewhat advanced its political performance. As a result, the current structure of political stability within Australia is somewhat resilient and strong, allowing the state to be somewhat adaptable in its political interactions with foreign countries.

However, the current situation observed within the political stance of Australia may come into question in the near future. Due to rapidly changing dynamics of international relationships, Australia may need to revisit some of its current political standards and approaches to building economic and political relationships. Namely, the Australian government, as well as organizations involved in international trade, may need to introduce more accurate tools for political and financial forecasting. As Black explains, "Given the volatility of international relations, environmental developments such as population growth, resource availability, global temperature change, and pandemics, and other aspects of the future, such discussions may appear very challenging."

Thus, Australia will need to include precise tools for geopolitical analysis to forecast likely changes in the global economic setting and examine available routes. For instance, the increase in China's political and economic influence in the global setting is to be taken into consideration. Namely, Friedman explains that the recent change observed in the Chinese economic setting indicates that China is likely to become a strong economic partner for Australia in the future: "China has also emerged as a major industrial power in the last generation, with growth surpassing that of any other major economy in the world, although its economy is still far smaller than that of Japan or the United States."

Similarly, other Asian and South Asian countries advancing in their economic and technological development represent a somewhat challenging situation for Australia, which is why state authorities need to encourage private and public sectors to build connections with these states as well. At the same time, relationships must be maintained with Europe and the U.S. Although the present-day setting affected heavily by the coronavirus pandemic still represents a range of challenges, Australia has a few opportunities to succeed.

Access to Strategic Human, Natural, and Economic Skill and Resources

Additionally, Australia has relatively broad access to human, natural, and economic resources. Due to the rapid development within the Australian market, local businesses have been enjoying a range of opportunities. Moreover, since Australia has been a popular tourist destination, it has gained a range of economic resources.

Access to Allies and Enemies

Examining the problems in relationships between Australia and other countries, particularly Europe and the U.S., will lead to the discovery that Australia has remarkably few political opponents. Granted that there is a plethora of economic rivals in the global market for Australia, the range of openly antagonistic relationships between Australia and other countries is surprisingly small. Indeed, considering the present political environment closely will show that Australia has no political opponents. The lack of conflicts with other states can be ascribed to Australia's geopolitical situation; having been isolated from other states due to its geographic location, Australia has not developed any antagonistic interactions with other countries. Therefore, Australia has virtually no enemies. However, even if it had, the immediate access to them would be fairly limited due to the problem of geographic location mentioned above.

In turn, the range of positive interactions that Australia has been enjoying in the global economic and political settings have been somewhat vast. With the rise in globalization and the development of opportunities for fast transfer of products and information globally, Australia has been participating in global trade successfully. Currently, Australia has well-established partnership-based trade relationships with the U.S., UK, South Korea, Japan, and China. Moreover, Australian has been participating in free-trade relationships with the U.S. and New Zealand, which has allowed it to expand its economic development extensively and create long and effective supply chains globally. Overall, Australia's current ratio of enemies and allies in regard to its economic and political stance is somewhat challenging.

Supply Chains and Trade Routes

As emphasized above, Australia has well-developed supply chains due to its economic interactions with other states. To evaluate the