Directed by the American film producer and director Martin Scorsese, The Irishman is a 2019 film that tells the story of the typical operations and life of members of gang families and groups in the mid-20th century. The film is based on Charles Brandt’s 2004 novel I Hear You Paint Houses . Specifically, the film is based on the memories of Frank Sheeran, an elderly Irish-American man who served in the Second World War before becoming a hitman for the Mafia groups in America. Sheeran, when in a nursing home, recounts the events during his time as a hitman in the 1950s and thereafter. From his recounts, the film shows the events that surrounded the operations, relationships, and lives of the gang families during the period. Throughout the film, the director uses various cinematic approaches to tell the story and create meaning. Signs are intensively used in the film to create meaning in various scenes and scenarios. In the same way, the film portrays the application of the cinematic approach, with composition, camera, costumes, effects, hair and makeup, set design, and color used to tell the story from Sheeran’s recounts.
Signs are important means of conveying meaning in various aspects of human life and relationships. As the theory of semiotics states, films use signs to signify or covey meanings through the various things that humans typically employ. Words, body language, gestures, pictures, letters, and visual illustrations are some of the various methods that humans use to convey messages. Combinations of these signs help the filmmakers effectively convey meanings and messages.
Like most modern films, The Irishman demonstrates the use of these signs in addition to codes and conventions to convey meaning in the same way that words and languages are used to construct meaning in communication. At the petrol station scene where Sheeran first meets Russel Bufalino, there are some signs that he is not meeting a common businessman but a shrewd, cunning, and dangerous individual. Bufalino’s body language, when explaining the mechanical problem involving Sheeran’s car, is suggestive of a member of the Mafia, but Sheeran cannot notice at this time. Here, Bufalino tells Sheeran, “you are back in business, kid” ( The Irishman ), yet Sheeran is around 56 years and almost the same age as Bufalino. These words, when analyzed from an in-depth perspective, are a sign that Bufalino is a boss somewhere and leads an influential group. In addition, the quick way in which Bufalino finds an answer to the mechanical problem in Sheeran’s truck is a sign suggesting his shrewdness and ability to lead, which are seen later in the film.
Similarly, in the Friendly Lounge scenario when Sheeran meets Skinny Razor Dutillio, some signs signify the other type of business that the group operates. Sheeran is delivering meat to the hotel that is owned by Dutillio. During their meeting, Skinny Razor’s body language signifies that he is a tough guy not just in business but probably in other aspects of life. For instance, he changes his face and looks straight into Sheeran’s eyes when a delivery man tells him, “I supply steak… the best steak” ( The Irishman ). As if to mean something different, Skinny Razor looks directly into Sheeran’s eyes and says, “you do?” ( The Irishman ) and then looks at the others and laughs a little as if he is not interested in the business. Rather than discussing the business, Skinny Razor tells Sheeran that they will talk later. All these words and body language suggest that he is not interested in the meat business, but probably another different form of venture. Furthermore, there is a background piece of music that is playing during the meeting. When Sheeran is leaving the Friendly Lounge, some background music plays with the words, “you better go back to your used-to-be place” ( The Irishman ). These words signify the possibility that the meeting will take Sheeran to another kind of life that is not good.
In addition, in the same scene, a flashback shows Dutillio back in 1945. Here, the audience is introduced to the kind of violence that will probably follow and dominate the story. A sign of a razor blade used to mercilessly cut the neck of a chicken is quite frightening. Dutillio uses a straight razor to cut the chicken’s neck and immediately blood splashes into his face. The sadist Dutillio gives a satisfied look on his blood-spattered face, showing signs of ruthlessness. The blood also spatters into the walls and the workers continue their work as usual. These aspects are used as signs to signify the kind of people that Sheeran will be dealing with and their characters. Dutillio is a sadist and violent individual who is ready to kill