The text was neutral.

Rewritten text with a negative tone:

Selection: “To Be Free” (2017)
  * Artist: Jamaal Barber
  * Art Form: Carved Wood Block
  * Time Period: 21st Century
Biographical Profile of Jamaal Barber
Jamaal Barber is a modern African American artist specializing in printmaking and woodcuts. The artist was born in Virginia and raised in Littleton, North Carolina (“Jamaal Barber”). He showed interest in art from a young age, fascinated by images in children’s and comic books. Then, Barber started drawing in elementary school and would draw on anything he could find (“Jamaal Barber”). However, Barber’s early passion would not lead him to become a full-time artist.
Barber’s major in college was business, but he switched it to art. Barber realized that he wanted “to make this art stuff work” when he had taken a “drawing class as an elective” (Johnson). Barber won several ECU student art awards during his years at East Carolina University. Notably, he won the JOSA Award of Excellence in Drawing in 2002 and got first place in the graphic design competition of the Rebel Magazine (“Jamaal Barber”). In 2003, Barber graduated from ECU with a bachelor’s degree in Communication Arts and took a 15-year break from studying to foster his personal view of artistry (“Jamaal Barber”; Johnson). In 2004, Barber moved to Atlanta, Georgia, and resides there with his wife and kids (“About”). The artist was actively creating during the break while working as a graphic designer for Iota Phi Theta Fraternity, Inc. and Spoken Magazine. His works have been displayed at the Ao5 Gallery and the Mano A Mano art show (“Jamaal Barber”).
Furthermore, Barber’s works have been published by Penguin Random House, Black Art in America, and Emory University, as well as on social media platforms and in the New York Times (“About”). From 2018, Barber went for a master’s degree in Printmaking at Georgia State University. His focus on printmaking began when he saw a demonstration on making a screen print at a local art store in 2013 (“About”). The artist’s prints and woodcuts are displayed at ZuCot Gallery and have been part of various art shows such as the Decatur Arts Festival and the Atlanta Print Biennial exhibit (“About”). In his works, Barber explores Black identity and showcases aspects of African American life (Johnson). His pieces are dynamic, thought-provoking, and experimental, depicting the perception of African Americans by themselves and society.
Critical Analysis of “To Be Free”
I selected one of Barber’s recent woodcuts because it showcases the social reality in which many African Americans live to date. The theme of the piece is the desire and struggle for freedom. The carving consists of a black man looking to his right and four white hands holding him by the shirt. The man’s expression is calm and thoughtful, indicating that he sees desired destination and is unconcerned with the impediment. He seems to be in motion: he starts moving towards the said destination. The hands are clenched and tense, stretching and nearly tearing the man’s clothing. It shows how they try to stop the man no matter what. The contrast between calmness and aggressiveness is striking and indicates a contest of persistence with the sheer power of reality. The artist has used a contrasting black and white palette that enhances said competition. Barber’s art piece from the same exhibition says: “Black is never neutral.” Interestingly enough, black is defined as a neutral color, but the artist makes it non-neutral in his piece. ‘To Be Free’ implies that black is a resistance surrounded by heavy and oppressing whiteness.
I think that Barber wants to show the hegemony of white America over the perception of black people. Tariq notes that Barber brings to light how “blackness is hyper-visible only when it is not seen as a threat to white wealth, power, privilege and safety.” The piece depicts how white society often attempts to dictate the freedom of a black person, employing discriminating views, stereotypes, and boundaries. Another implication that can be made is that the hands pulling the clothes will only receive the clothes. Historically, clothes were symbolic of status and caste in society. The man is determined to escape, and his body will not be taken, but he may lose his clothing. Here, the clothes seem to be the man’s false skin, the symbol of perception of himself and his place in society imposed by said society.
I would classify the piece as black art because it questions the harsh reality of African Americans in modern times. The exhibition is called Bright Black , and it revolves around what Barber sees as “the American Color Theory” and breaking “hegemonic modes of seeing” of black people by society (T