The article insufficiently describes the definition of an introvert, the features of his behavior, and personal attitudes in the modern model of society. This category of people often remains misinterpreted in a world focused on predominantly extroverted and energetically intense people. The purpose of the author is in the vaguely expressed desire to convey to society the goals and wishes of introverts, whose thoughts and feelings often go unrecognized or neglected. A quick analysis of the text captures a dull personal appeal of the author and mildly expresses subjective sentiments due to individual experience. A few rhetorical questions at the beginning of the message somewhat attract the reader’s attention. The article is written in a journalistic style and has a neutral emotional coloring with a hint of a subtle acceptance of the global focus on extraversion. 

The unperceptive text analysis allows the reader to slightly understand the personal message of the author. The article is somewhat structured and includes general questions regarding the life and worldview of introverts. The text is characterized by a moderate degree of subjectivism and a slight bias towards the category of extrovert readers. The author compares extroverts with “puppy dogs” who can listen to a person for a minute and then start “barking” again. Such a comparison is slightly critical and may cause a mild reaction in the reader (Rauch 133). In addition, the author indirectly hints that introverts are a more intelligent, reflective, and sensitive category of people. Every conclusion has the right to be presented for acceptance; however, a somewhat dismissive tone towards extroverts may, on the contrary, cause a bit of acceptance of the message. 

The position of the author is somewhat coherent and has the potential to find its reader and supporter. However, the aftertaste from its reading is rather clear and makes one think about the moderate tendentiousness of the writer. The text somewhat compares two different categories of people but slightly downplays the principal personality traits of extroverts. The author suggests that the world would be somewhat calmer and saner under the guidance of introverts. This theory may well be valid; however, perhaps the world should not be so sharply divided into “white” and “black,” “extroverts,” and “introverts.” This article does a somewhat satisfactory job of its central purpose: to illustrate a moderate vision of the modern model of society separated mainly between extroverts and introverts.