Communication and collaboration are crucial elements for the success of any individual and team effort. The first chapter of the book Technical Communication provides insight into the aspects of technical communication and its importance.
I discovered that technical communication addresses two main tasks: assisting people in learning about certain phenomena or how to do a certain task. Additionally, technical communication can make others strengthen their attitudes, change them, or even take particular actions. I also found that technical documents reflect organizational culture, are made in collaboration and have distinctive elements, including a particular reader, clear instructions on resolving an issue, design, images, and words. Finally, I discovered that technical communication was a valuable skill in the workplace since it allows people to read and produce technical documents.
When collaborating with my colleagues and other students, I have had many different experiences. The positive collaboration experience concerned the willingness of certain members of the team to contribute to the joint work (Markel & Selber, 2021). These people shared their ideas because the team engaged in active brainstorming, and every time they tried to present their perspectives, they were supported by other people. Essentially, the sense of control was the cause of the people’s involvement, and the solution was successful since speaking in turn was adopted. The negative collaboration experience involved a school project over Zoom where not everyone contributed their particular share. The project’s failure was due to the unclear distinction of roles within the team and the absence of one leader who supervised and coordinated everyone’s actions.
I believe that a successful collaboration in an online setting must be based on spontaneity and flexibility. Essentially, it is important to encourage spontaneous contributions from all members and have flexible meeting times to encourage creativity. Any possible conflicts must be embraced with open communication among all members. Additionally, to achieve success, a group needs to rely on innovative tools such as Zoom and shared online documents.
Technical communication fosters collaboration between people by helping individuals to enable others to learn, make decisions, and act. Technical communication skills let people be more valuable as professionals and affect their ability to work in teams.