Austville Community Health Centre is an ideal place for Mrs. Smith to access healthcare services because it is a short distance from where she lives. This means that it is convenient because she can easily access the health center with little or no transport cost. In addition, the small distance between Mrs. Smith’s home and the Austville center can help her exercise through walking, which is very beneficial in managing her condition. According to research, regular exercise is essential in maintaining a healthy weight and also regulates blood sugar levels (Borse et al. 2021, p. 113). Likewise, the short distance to the facility will make it easy for Mrs. Smith to get regular check-ups to ensure her blood sugar remains within the target range. Austville is also a good place for Mrs. Smith to obtain care because it has multidisciplinary healthcare personnel trained to offer high-quality services to the elderly. In this case, it has several specialists, such as a podiatrist and optometrist, who can detect and treat symptoms associated with type 2 diabetes. Therefore, Mrs. Smith will be able to obtain appropriate medications for her condition. Likewise, the center has a diabetes educator and provides education programs on diabetes. This implies that Mrs. Smith will get insightful training on managing her condition. This may include useful tips like how to maintain a healthy diet, test her blood sugar, and the appropriate exercises that aid in weight loss. Such education will help Mrs. Smith to manage her condition and prevent further complications. The environment around Austville offers Mrs. Smith an opportunity to establish positive social networks that may benefit her general well-being. Since the health center provides most of its health services to the elderly, Mrs. Smith may establish friendships with other patients. She may also make friends with her peers during the group exercise programs offered by the center. Similarly, Austville has a community café where people living in the neighborhood can meet and talk. A study shows that stronger social networks and support among the elderly are linked with increased patient adherence to medical treatment and improved self-care (Li 2021, p. 1). In this case, social networks may help Mrs. Smith maintain her happiness, reducing any incidences of stress that are detrimental to her health. Equally important, Austville is located in a low socioeconomic community, which implies that it offers low-cost healthcare services. Thus, it is ideal for Mrs. Smith because she solely relies on her pension.