Introduction
Antibiotics work against bacteria in multiple ways by inhibiting metabolic pathways, nucleic acid synthesis, protein synthesis, depolarizing cell membrane, or inhibiting cell wall synthesis. By employing these methods, antibiotics can inhibit bacterial growth or kill it. However, as antibiotics work against bacteria, they have been depicted to leave behind resistant strains that multiply naturally. Antibiotic resistance occurs when germs such as bacteria and fungi continue to grow by developing the ability to defeat drugs designed to kill them. Sometimes it is impossible and difficult to treat infections that are caused by antibiotic-resistant germs. Patients who have these infections require extended medical stays, follow-ups, and costly alternatives before realizing positive results. Microorganisms from the unknown samples are essential to identify to prevent harmful and beneficial bacteria in this society. The problem of antibiotic resistance has spread worldwide and has a more significant impact on poor and developing nations than developed nations. Because of the ease with which antibiotics can be purchased in many of these countries without a prescription, the developed world primarily relies on prescriptions. Polymyxins were the antibiotics that retained the highest activity against the three examined species of Gram-negative bacteria. Citrobacter freundii (C. freundii) is often resilient to numerous groups of antibiotics, signifying that both scientific and ecological strains may harbor antimicrobial resistance elements. Over the past years, there has been increased awareness of family Enterobacteriaceae due to its association with causing animal and human diseases. Genus Hafnia has been linked to emerging antimicrobial resistance patterns and infections related to presenting unusual diseases and stem cells. The lab techniques and procedures covered during this course were used to test each student’s practical understanding of microbiology. The purpose of this lab report is to identify unknown organisms using genetic sequencing and traditional biochemical testing techniques on each isolated unknown that led to the identification of each unknown. It is also predicted that C. freundii will have a more excellent antibiotic resistance to each of the four tested antibiotics, including penicillin, doxycycline, polymyxin B, and rifampicin, than Hafnia alvei.

Methods
Two unknown organisms labelled as #15 and #43 were provided on agar plates. PCR was done to identify the genus for both unknown organisms (#15 and #43). PCR entails a biochemical process that amplifies a single DNA molecule. It was used to find specific 16s rRNA genes present in unknown organisms by cross-referencing them with databases for known bacteria sequencing. PCR test involved materials such as Taq polymerase, a DNA template, PCR primers, nucleotides, inoculation loop, a flame, a micropipette, sterile water, and a PCR tube. The tubes were then loaded in an Eppendorf Mastercycler Nexus Thermal Cycler Gradient programmed to start with 95 0 C for 10 minutes, 95 0 C for 1.5 minutes, 55 0 C for 1 minute, 72 0 C for 2 minutes, 72 0 C for 10 minutes, and a 10 0 C hold. The unknown organisms were streaked on the TSA broth and TSA plate by inoculating the loop over the flame and then transferring a loop bacterium into the slant on a zig-zag motion. The streaked organism was then incubated at 37 0 C until the next lap period to prepare the bacteria for biochemical tests. An analysis was made, and the samples were used to carry out six biochemical tests on each unknown bacterial culture.

Gram Stain
Gram stain is a laboratory technique used for determining the thickness of bacteria’s peptidoglycan layer by labeling it either as thick peptidoglycan layer (gram-positive) or thin peptidoglycan layer (gram-negative). To perform gram staining, the material needed included clean microscope slides, staining trays, gram stain reagents, a water bottle for rinsing, and bacterial cultures. Gram stain test began with the bacterial smear at fixed heating on an inoculated slide containing a colony of bacteria culture in a small volume of water. The bacterial specimen was then air-dried followed by fixed heating underside for a few seconds. After completing heat-fixing, gram straining was performed on the bacterial smear.

Thioglycolate Test
In a bacterial experiment, a thioglycolate test was chiefly performed to ascertain bacterial oxygen requirement using thioglycolate broth that contained an oxygen gradient with higher levels at the top and no oxygen at the bottom. When conducting this test, the material required included a thioglycolate tube with resazurin indicator and bacterial cultures #43 and #15. A thioglycolate tube was inoculated with the organism to be tested for oxygen relationship and then allowed to grow at the optimal growth temperature. Growth patterns were then observed for the test on thioglycolate broth