Patient education is a crucial step towards addressing public health issues, particularly the threat of colorectal cancer and the effects that chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) may have on the outcomes of a bowel resection surgery, including the complications that it may entail. Specifically, as a nurse, one must introduce a teaching plan that will be used as the guide for a patient to follow when learning about the side effects caused by COPD in patients requiring bowel resection. By incorporating the elements of verbal and nonverbal communication strategies, a nurse will be able to introduce a patient to the key COPD-related management of bowel resection in a patient with COPD. 

In a nursing context, a teaching plan represents a fairly simple idea. Suggesting a series of steps to be taken in order to educate a patient about the disease and the means of recognizing and addressing the symptoms, a teaching plan implies building readiness and awareness in a vulnerable person. Remarkably, a teaching plan benefits not only a patient but also a nurse. Specifically, a teaching plan allows a nurse to ensure that a patient complies with the proposed treatment strategies and can access the required services in case bowel resection is needed. In other words, a teaching plan increases patient autonomy and awareness, reducing the extent of health risk. 

To develop the teaching plan for educating a COPD patient about bowel resection and implement it accordingly, a nurse will need to embrace the opportunities that verbal and nonverbal communication strategies provide. Specifically, in nursing verbal communication can be defined as the communication method involving the use of words to convey essential information to the patient. In turn, nonverbal communication suggests using any other tool, including gestures, facial expressions, movements, and other devices that may potentially substitute the use of the spoken language to transfer data. For a nurse as an educator, the application of nonverbal communication is vital due to the presence of patients from diverse ethnic, racial, and cultural backgrounds. Therefore, learning to use visual cues as the means of introducing a patient to a specific piece of information should be regarded as one of the primary ways of promoting awareness and risk management. 

There are two primary non-verbal communication factors to be borne in mind when developing an education program regarding the impact of COPD on the outcomes of bowel resection. First, it is vital to ensure that the nonverbal communication elements used in the process cannot be misinterpreted by the patient. Second, the nonverbal elements must be complementary to the verbal content and serve to reinforce its understanding as opposed to introducing new data, which means that instances of misunderstanding will be avoided. Moreover, since the patient does not have any background in health management or understanding of his issue, concise and simplified instructions must be provided. The table below outlines the essential elements of the teaching plan. 

Table 1. Teaching Plan
Purpose: Explaining a COPD patient the nuances of bowel resection and the associated health risks
Goal: providing the patient with sufficient explanations concerning the outcomes of bowel resection
Objectives
Content Outline
Instruction Methods
Time Required
Resources
Assessment of Learning
1. Bowel resection: purpose of and reasons for the surgery
2. The extent of the risks of the need for bowel resection
The key objectives of the learning process include educating the patient about the essential symptoms indicating the need for bowel resection, training the required health management skills (particularly, the use of the colostomy bag), and teaching the patient to access the necessary resources.
3. Available Resources
Lectures and simulations using specific scenarios will be used as the primary method of educating the patient.
2 weeks
The essential information will be provided to the patient using digital resources, particularly digital repositories of information. Additionally, essential information concerning the process of bowel resection and its likely outcomes will be described, and methods of contacting a nurse will be provided. The patient's understanding of the subject matter will be tested with the help of short quizzes, as well as personal discussions with a nurse. The latter method will be particularly useful in identifying gaps in knowledge and any misconceptions that the patient might have about the subject matter. 

4.
1. Types of Resources
2. Resource Significance and Role

As a nurse educator, one must also keep in mind that the patient education process is dynamic. In the case under analysis, the specified idea suggests that the learning process must be reciprocal, with the nurse learning about the patient's learning abilities and characteristics, while the patient learns critical information about the surgery. Furthermore, being dynamic, patient education suggests that the choice of the strategies must be informed by the presence of cognitive and emotional stimuli. 

The dynamics of the teaching and learning process will also have to be primarily reciprocal for the key goals to be accomplished. Namely, the patient must be motivated to learn about the signs of bowel inflammation and other symptoms indicative of cancer requiring further bowel resection. Thus, the patient