The term "confession" has several meanings, such as admitting one's sins and being ready to repent. Augustine began working on the Confessions when he was probably 43 years old. There is no precise, clear motivation to write his own, but there may be at least two possible factors. First, his people were suspicious of his ideal standards, his career as a bright teacher of rhetoric, pagan-influenced education, his known reputation as an ex-Manichee. By writing the confession, he would defend himself from this kind of criticism and demonstrate that his faith and beliefs were pure Christians. Another possible motivational possibility may have been brought up by his close friendship with Alypius, Christian converts such as Paulinus Nola, who renounced the world and his immense family fortune after his conversion to Christianity.
The Confession comprises 13 Books; books 1 to 9 recount Augustine's life and spiritual journey, while book 10 shows the temptations he was still facing. Books 11 to 13 are the extensions of the first chapter of Genesis. The first ten books were about Agustine, while the last three were about the scripture. All the Confessions had many themes such as nature of evil, sin, time, sufferings, lust, truth, wisdom and knowledge, weakness, pride, internal peace. According to Augustine, God cannot be the cause of evil. For Augustine says, "evil does not exist". Evil lacks good, and evil exists as long as good is absent.
Saint Augustine's Confessions have a unified theme of inner peace. His reflections on it seem to bring his deliberate state of spiritual and psychological calmness, despite the burdens and stressors in his journey. He believes that human beings cannot find inner peace without involving God; he believes human beings were made to seek peace in God. There is excellent echoing of the solid ethical foundation portrayed by ancient philosophers as Neoplatonic and the Pythagoras vis a vis beauty; these are Augustine's favorite themes.
Augustine was a student at Carthage, and he was troubled by troublers who interrupted his classes there, rendering him among the critical students who refused to pay their fees. In addition to that, he was financially inconvenienced. Notwithstanding his disconcertment, he wishes and reassured that such students would be preferred to learn to money. He furthermore says, "You, O God, the truth and fullness of our sure good, and our purest peace". Despite being stressed, Augustine remains psychologically calm, thus concluding that inner peace is achievable whatever the situation.
At the time, Saint Augustine was describing the decision to resign his professorship after an upcoming vacation in the autumn holidays, with his chest problems giving him a further excuse to resign. He mentions to his students "who did not meditate on Your law or Your peace, but on foolish lies and legal battles". He continues by giving an extended analysis of the scripture in Psalms 4. Music was Augustine's interest; he introduced the idea of singing psalms during the time of distress via the story of Ambrose's Basilica. Shifting gears, love, according to Augustine, is not limited to human beings alone. But Love expands to God's love for human beings, the love that the inanimate beings have for their natural lives. When it comes to humans, their love is multidimensional; it grows from one stage to another: love at infancy; love at adolescence; love for interests and desires.
From his infancy, Augustine indicates that he could not speak and yet he could sense bitterness and jealous in others. From the above statement, we can understand that Augustine never is fond of infants. Throughout infancy, infants would take everything selfishly for themselves only, constantly crying to be given attention and not to be ignored, to be loved only. Infant's love can only be described as love for hunger which demands to be filled, or love for pleasure that requires to be filled with comfort. That is why Augustine claims that love is one of the origins of sin; even at birth, everyone is got sin in them.
Next, the author analyzes the stages of love in adolescence. At this stage, humans start to experience different types of love. Here they will begin having desires to love, be loved, pleasures, love for earthly materials. Augustine says in his second book, "The single desire that dominated my search for delight was simply to love and be loved". He claims that humans' thoughts of erotic desires of wanting to love or be loved could be the way that can lead to God or lead them astray from God.
Augustine attends a theatre show to understand human emotions and existence in another instance to feel the pleasure and love; desires of crying, weeping, laughing, and passion. It is clear that he wished to enjoy these desires and likes but realized gradually that as he enjoys giving into his desires, it led him astray from God's path