Achieving core and specialty competencies is of significance for DNP learners since it ensures that they gain knowledge and skills that are essential for their future professional activity. That is why it is reasonable to involve in evaluating whether the scientific activity and practice immersion hours contribute to reaching this result. Thus, the given paper will comment on how I have achieved five course outcomes and present my self-reflection regarding the work made.
Nursing and science-based theories play a significant role in my professional area. That is why I invested many efforts to ensure that I used and integrated them during my coursework. For example, these approaches helped me identify that creating interdisciplinary research and practice themes is a valuable activity. The rationale behind this claim refers to the fact that multiple course assignments revealed the significance of collaboration. In particular, I found that there should be a direct connection between researchers and decision-makers because scholarly evidence should guide healthcare delivery models to address many issues, and pressure injuries are among them.
Furthermore, working with my DPI project demonstrates that theories are of significance when it comes to addressing specific health problems. That is why the theory of planned behavior is considered a practical approach to minimize the prevalence of pressure injuries in the health care industry. On the one hand, scientific evidence offers some arguments in favor of the given idea. On the other hand, practice immersion hours demonstrated that the theory of planned behavior is an effective tool. The rationale behind this claim relates to the fact that patients’ health tends to improve when they are told what and when to do. That is why the given theory is an adequate theoretical base to combat pressure injuries.
It is also worth admitting that the employment of science-based theories and concepts was an effective approach to enhance health care delivery. In particular, it relates to the fact that numerous factors, including injuries, infections, and others, can affect patient safety. That is why it was found that beneficial outcomes can be obtained from using “a customized set of Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) patient fall reduction guidelines” (William, 2020, p. 210). This information reveals that the literature review activities have led to implementing new practice approaches that have the potential to follow high healthcare delivery standards.
Simultaneously, achieving the course competencies has provided me with solid theoretical information on my DPI Project. It relates to the fact that I enriched my knowledge of epidemiology, research practice, and statistical methods regarding pressure injuries. I have managed to absorb this information by investing in literature review activities. The rationale behind this strategy refers to the fact that scholarly sources can provide all the required information concerning a specific health issue and its place in the medical industry.
Finally, it is reasonable to comment on how I will apply the information above to my DPI Project. On the one hand, I will use the theory of planned behavior as a basis of the practice improvement interventions. This approach is considered adequate because credible data have revealed that patients need specific recommendations and directions that will guide their behavior and help them achieve better health outcomes. On the other hand, the course activities have helped me understand that the application of science-based theories is possible if it is supported by sufficient evidence. That is why I will do my best to enrich the DPI Project with credible, relevant, and timely literature findings.
Since DNPs should do their best to promote the principles of business, finance, and economics, I also invested in this sphere. I developed a budget for my DPI Project and provided the rationale for it. It refers to course DNP-840 that included comments on direct and indirect, fixed and variable, as well as other costs to reduce the prevalence of pressure injuries among older people in a medical unit. That activity resulted in the fact that I now understand that a DNP should invest sufficient time and effort in ensuring that medical interventions should stay within stipulated budgets (Nolin, 2017). This competency will inevitably bring a few advantages to my professional practice.
Furthermore, the course assignments helped me develop and improve my leadership, influence, and advocacy skills in implementing healthcare policies. In particular, it relates to a case study analysis that I performed. The assignment focuses on breast cancer since it is a widespread condition affecting multiple patients. I identified that this health problem implies ethical and cultural implications of care because a specific population, older women, are more subject to the condition. That is why the course assignments allowed me to make sure that early screening is an essential approach to minimize the prevalence of breast cancer.
In the healthcare industry, one should draw sufficient attention to employing consultative and leadership skills. I invested in developing this competency during my practice immersion hours. It refers to the fact that I worked in collaboration with professionals from dietary, respiratory, and physician groups. In that case, it was required to rely on effective leadership practices to promote the work of such professionally diverse groups. That is why I applied concepts of a few leadership styles, including servant, transformation, and authoritative ones, to motivate and guide these professionals. There is