Globalization has had a huge impact on the world economy, and on the growth of geographical mobility of the workforce in particular. Huge masses of people change their habitat, type of settlements and sphere of activity in relatively short time intervals. At the same time, they find themselves in a new, unusual environment for themselves, among people. It has a different way of life, a different system of secular and religious values and speakers of a different language. The growth of the absolute and relative share of diasporas leads, respectively, to an increase in their absolute and relative contribution to the economy. This work considers the diaspora as one of the most important subjects of the economic processes of our time. All economic processes related to the diaspora are developing in line with broader ethnic, social and economic trends of modernity.
As a combination of all the new processes of globalization, a major trend is developing: diasporas are playing an increasingly important role in the economic sphere. At the same time, their economic potential becomes commensurate with the economic potential of the States on the main territory. In some situations, it may even exceed the potential of the ethnic groups forming the environment. Today, many members of diasporas, while retaining their ethnic and religious affiliation, change their citizenship, and as a result become associated parts of other nations. In the era of globalization, such a previously private pattern becomes one of the universal ones. The number of people with dual citizenship who simultaneously participate in the economic life of two or more states, nations and ethnic groups is growing. For example, investing in the economy of some states, they direct the earned funds to their historical homeland, pay double taxes, etc. Thus, diasporas contribute to the economic development of local communities to a much greater extent.
Background
Diasporas as subjects of the cultural and historical process are as ancient as ethnic groups and confessional communities themselves. This can be judged based on the oldest written sources and ethnographic materials about ethnic groups that have pre-state forms of social organization. The socio-demographic structure of diasporas can act as a prerequisite for leadership in the economy (Welde et al., 2020). The most famous of all the variants of the genesis of diasporas is their appearance as a result of resettlement from their historical homeland. The flow of migrants is dominated by men of working age, with a level of education and vocational training above average, as a rule, energetic and enterprising (Stone & Scott, 2018). Thus, migrants are more economically active in comparison with the average characteristics of the initial community.
This phenomenon is partly spontaneous, partly purposefully controlled by states interested in the influx or restriction of any categories of migrants. Many states practiced recruitment or, conversely, introduced restrictive quotas in accordance with the age, professional, property, etc. level of migrants (Koinova, 2018a). As a consequence of these spontaneous or purposeful selection, the economic role of the diaspora may be higher than the average in the surrounding society (Seraphin et al., 2019). This is manifested, in particular, in the standard of living, which can be significantly higher than in the historical homeland.
Key Scholars and Theoretical Frameworks
The degree of influence of diasporas on the economic development of the receiving and sending countries is an urgent topic for the work of many researchers. The theoretical frameworks regarding this topic touches on such different aspects of the problem. These are employment and solidarity of migrant workers, as well as the impact of migration on the socio-economic development of countries (Carment & Calleja, 2018). In their works, scientists address various, sometimes opposite aspects of the role of participation of diasporas, migrant workers, remittances and human capital in economic development.
The theoretical framework is interconnected with the processes of globalization of the world, the contact of local cultures, and the formation of new socio-cultural identities. In the 1990s, a new direction for research appeared in it — the transnational approach. It should be noted the developments of the American sociologist Peggy Levitt, who has repeatedly been published in collaboration with Glick-Schiller on the problems of the theory and methodology of the transnational approach (Levitt & Schiller, 2004). She is a major representative of the sociological direction in the study of the phenomenon of transnational. In addition, Levit is credited with introducing the topic of transnational diasporal corporations into scientific discourse.
The concept of “transnational social space”, introduced by the aforementioned scientists, caused a flurry of criticism from sociologists. Waldinger (2017) developed the theory by writing a paper about the limits of transnationalism. He considers it methodologically erroneous to consider a national state without connection with a specific territory (Waldinger, 2017). At the same time, Waldinger is impressed by the very idea