In Looking for Alaska, John Green presents one of the most outstanding coming-of-age novels that explore profound existential questions about life, death, and the meaning of life. Green creates witty, well-drawn characters, full of individual quirks — to whom he affords the privilege of finding closure on their terms instead of resorting to the rather elusive happily ever after. In the book, the theme of death features prominently, and much of the plot is based on its events. Death shapes the lives of various characters, such as the protagonists, Miles, and Alaska. Alaska embodies the very nature through which death can change an individual’s life trajectory, as illustrated by her encounter with her mother’s death, and in more literal terms, by her death.
Popular critique of the novel emphasizes the inevitability of death, and how despite the starkness of this reality, people can never really come to terms with death. However, in this essay, a different contention is taken. While the importance of death in the book is fully appreciated, this essay argues for Green using death as a means rather than an end. Death is used as a sort of midpoint, a signaler towards more urgent thematic preoccupations of this text: how to live and die. In addition, it shall be argued that the mediating process between how to live and how to die is another process in itself of finding the meaning of life.
Death plays an instrumental role in this story, not only as a philosophical musing by the author and the characters but also as a midpoint that effectively separates the story into before and after. Death moves the story as much as it moves the readers in the way it propels the characters’ actions. The first death in the story, and arguably one from which much of the action is premised or proceeds, is Alaska’s mother’s death. Alaska witnessed this death and failed to act at that critical moment, something she eternally felt guilty about throughout the rest of the story. Thoyyibah asserts that through this encounter, Alaska was burdened with self-blame, as she watched her mother dying on the floor, yet did not attempt to help her in any way, and instead resorts to screaming and crying (34). This self-blame was exacerbated by the fact that her father seemed to blame her for her mother’s death, and she thought he was justified so, “…so I just sat there on the floor with her until my dad came home an hour later and he’s screaming ‘Why didn’t you call 911?’” (Green 120). Alaska’s disposition throughout the story can be attributed to this feeling of guilt.
The death of Alaska’s mother and the circumstances of her death changes Alaska completely, not only just her but the discourse of the life of those close to her. Thoyiba cites this event as the significant childhood trauma that shaped Alaska’s characterization as a coping mechanism (1). It influences her worldview, especially on the process of living. Alaska takes on a nihilistic approach to life as evidenced by her interpretation of the metaphor of labyrinth “… It’s not life or death, the labyrinth. /Um, okay. So what is it? /Suffering,” she said. “Doing wrong and having wrong things happen to you. That’s the problem…” (Green 52). Her death, whether it was suicide or an accident, resulted from this impulsive worldview.
The death of Alaska was the midpoint of the stories of various characters in the book and both literal and metaphorical senses of the word. In the literal sense, since Alaska’s death reinforces the storyline, the first part of the book traces the events of her life, and the second, the aftermath of her death. In the metaphorical sense, death serves to cause a remarked change in the other characters and fuels the processes of living and finding the meaning of life. In addition, the reader benefits from this event’s lessons on the continuation of life after grief and the hope of overcoming sorrow (Logara 12). One of the most immediate changes in Alaska’s death effects is in leading other characters to introspect about the nature of death. Takumi and Miles have a candid discussion in which they seem to concur on death being natural, despite a certain sense of dread permeating their conversation. Takumi contends, “It’s natural. I mean, it must be natural” (Green 253). To this, Miles expresses to have given it earlier thought, asserting that despite its goriness, death was universal.
Apart from introspection on life and death, another effect that strongly comes out is the unbridled guilt that grasps those near Alaska. For one reason or the other, many characters felt they could have somehow prevented this death. In particular, the feeling of guilt drives Miles to investigate whether the death was a suicide—a process through which Miles ends up discovering a lot about himself. A new part of him filled with love, grief, regret,