Abstract
Due to the increasing complexity of making optimal business decisions, organizations require tools to understand current processes and act preemptively. This work articulates tools used in this process: analysis techniques applied to innovative solutions, cause-and-effect approach to risk evaluation, and strategies of investment decision analysis. The United Arab Emirates has been effective and successful in business decision analysis. This paper discusses instances in which well-executed decisions have highly improved organizational operations. The study will largely uncover crucial aspects and decision techniques while critically examining each of them to ascertain the workability of the techniques, especially within the UAE context.
Descriptive, Predictive, and Prescriptive Analytics Techniques
Descriptive Analytics
Descriptive analytics entails the technique focused on analyzing past data, providing insights that can assist organizations in making decisions. The analysis of previously obtained data can be applied to determine what has happened, which can then determine the likelihood of future events. Descriptive analytics can help with various population management tasks such as health data analytics. However, the use spans beyond the healthcare realm; most of the statistics used in daily business operations fall into the descriptive analysis category. This analysis has been largely adopted and utilized in many businesses around the United Arab Emirates to solve managerial issues.
Innovative solutions often come as an organizational response to novel challenges. In social sciences, descriptive analytics is used to analyze contemporary tasks when boundaries between the actual phenomenon and real life are not evident. This approach is used in UAE increasingly: for instance, UAE has experienced a rapid rise in technological diversity in the XXI century. Organizations face the inevitable complexity in distinguishing the present and anticipated changes, requiring a scientific approach to problem-solving. Within the framework of decision science, a descriptive insight allowed to attain the prospective solution.
The transition in technology has resulted in managerial problems within UAE. Therefore, practical decision-making was required to solve the underlying problem. Specifically, organizations had to produce methods of utilizing the changing technology to institute performance among employees. The use of descriptive analysis allowed UAE businesses to observe trends such as, for instance, average salaries in given years or individuals’ spending power. Analyzing such data allowed to form a comprehensive evaluation and to meet the increasing performance demands of the organization.
Predictive Analytics
Predictive analytics is the summative assessment technique that mainly relies on predictive modeling. It is a method of obtaining information from already collected data and predicting behavioral patterns and trends. Predictive modeling helps to minimize uncertainty not just in the future but also in the present and past. Data-driven predictive analytics models detect patterns or relationships in historical data and then project the discovered relationships into the future. Such an approach is convenient since it predicts an outcome that can enhance organizational ability to adjust their decision accordingly.
Predictive analytics in the business world mainly deals with experimental queries: for example, predicting an organization’s annual revenue or a product demand at a future time. This approach can be used for problems that involve decision science, for instance, in online marketing. Recently, UAE was faced with several marketing challenges, which called for a change in its strategy. Dubai, which has been experiencing an increase in tourism, struggled to showcase its products globally. The predictive analysis technique has a profound impact on the ways organizations market their products to reach global coverage.
Predictive analysis, however, is capable of solving much more complex challenges than single-sentence queries. Decision-makers can effectively apply predictive analytics by performing the process of data mining and hypothesis testing. With the help of relevant variables, a statistical model can then be developed. Such models have been adopted to solve performance-related challenges. Predictive modeling plays a major role in performance evaluation, allowing for efficient metrics consideration and enhancing the accuracy of outcomes.
Prescriptive Analytics
Prescriptive analytics is the frontier of business analytics, which identifies the optimal solution for a problem or generally the best course of action. It mainly relies on artificial intelligence to assist the decision-maker with identifying the optimal solution, given the problem context. This framework can produce several optimized alternatives depending on the problem complexity and within a reasonable period. Often, computer-generated solutions are highly efficient for solving complex organizational challenges.
Organizations use prescriptive analytics to solve complex optimization problems of the modern era. A recent analysis revealed that the UAE adopted this technique to analyze the rational use of medicine and prescription drugs within several local hospitals. For instance, the study adopted a multicenter prospective cross-sectional comparative design to analyze four critical locations. The prescriptive analysis highly influenced the decision and affirmed the importance of such strategies in minimizing the consequences of poly-pharmacy.
Figure 1. Fishbone cause-and-effect diagram evaluating data management risks
Data Management Risks’ Evaluation
A well-regulated and secure data management system is crucial for successfully maintaining a business. Breach of security is commonly attributed to human or machine aspects, and organizational flaws. Misplacement of data negatively impacts organizations’ operations since time and resources are diverted towards retrieving the lost information. Irreparable file loss often damages the operations and thus employees’ performance. Data loss occurs in several