An individual’s conflict resolution capability plays a critical role in teamwork skills. According to the results of the proposed questionnaire, my ability to handle interpersonal problems is moderate since I have received a score of 15 out of 21. This outcome suggests that I am rather good at managing minor disagreements with non-critical differences in the conflicting parties’ perspectives but may require professional assistance when confronting serious conflicts.

From my perspective, the questionnaire was rather inaccurate in assessing my capability as a conflict mediator. Firstly, the result contradicts my reactions to disagreements in real-life situations in workplace contexts and personal life. For me, it is relatively challenging to negotiate and propose win-win solutions in disagreements that center on non-essential aspects of collaboration, such as the distribution of minor tasks and dissimilarities in work styles. However, in more complex situations that involve the need to consider parties’ mutually exclusive interests, require radical behavioral changes, and take much time to be resolved, my contributions do not necessarily promote rapid consensus achievement. Secondly, the tool uses ineffective questions to measure the respondent’s abilities since it fails to recognize the influences of experiences and attitudes towards conflicts on one’s capability instead of reducing it to the presence of formal training. With that in mind, I would assess the questionnaire negatively.

Finally, personal SWOT analysis is another useless tool for self-assessment. Some weaknesses peculiar to conflict management include my rather weak self-control skills, lack of empathy, and inexperience in communicating with culturally and socially diverse populations. However, the fear of open and aggressive confrontation can be considered as a strength that might increase my effectiveness in asserting my interests. The ability to observe more experienced negotiators in the workplace is the key threat that could hinder my self-improvement efforts, but it might involve the opportunity of adopting methods that possess long-term effectiveness. Based on the SWOT analysis, I have a low willingness to confront conflicts.