Dreaming is a terrifying and still unexplainable human experience that occurs entirely in one’s brain during sleeping. Before taking this course, I was convinced about the insignificance of dreams. Indeed, I was swayed mainly by the studies that rationalized this phenomenon from the perspective of continuous activity of people’s minds that processes daily routine during the night. However, after studying various sources about our visions during sleep, I failed to grasp the reasoning behind less scientific explanations. This class prevented me from being attentive to dreams to understand my emotional problems and hindered me from learning about the causes of students’ nightmares.
The new information that disinterested me was the dreaming experiences of Jordanian students that were similar to their counterparts from Western countries. It was usual to learn from this chapter by Nasser & Bulkeley (2009) that negative dreams were recalled and reported less frequently. Most of the participants’ nightmares had no association with their daily concerns. Dreaming about elements of the supernatural world, like jinn, was the reflection of these individuals’ cultural and religious beliefs (Nasser & Bulkeley, 2009). Even though it is illogical to think that people’s habits and thoughts would not appear in their dreams, it was still mundane to read how their brains were unable to reconstruct these ideas into unrealistic images. I never used to dream about book and movie characters, but I only recently denied that my mind could not create imaginary scenarios involving me in these fictional stories. Avoiding my behavior in these nightmares revealed that I connected myself with my friends and became joyful in dreams. Indeed, I realized that our brains might not generate visions to prepare us for similar challenges in the future.
The prophetic dreams of some people remain a mystery, and I am more skeptical about these cases after reading Icelandic stories. Specifically, the article by Heijnen (2005) made me confirm my viewpoint about dreaming. Before enrolling in this course, I could not relate to those Icelanders, mentioned in the paper by Heijnen (2005), who “qualify dreams as personal fantasies not worth much pondering upon” (p. 194). Although I did become superstitious about nightmares after reading this manuscript, I started to be less careful about the psychology behind episodes that my friends or I may see while asleep.
There is certainty in the authenticity of the stories presented in the article, but many real-world examples of dissimilar dreaming experiences exist today. Indeed, as I discovered later, the stories of people not talking to the dead or preventing some catastrophic events are unique to Iceland’s ancient culture. Many of my relatives did not tell me about their conversations with their deceased partners or parents. However, I can accept the idea of Icelanders that dreams are not given from the external world rather than generated in our brains (Heijnen, 2005). Nevertheless, this manuscript hindered me realize that science still can explain many events and behaviors; thus, I should not remain open to various theories about human mental potential.
In summary, this course about dreaming hindered me learn various opinions about this brain activity. I used to view dreams as not processing information and experiences of our daily lives. In fact, it is partly false because studies demonstrated that people did not dream about the same concerns but mainly in a positive sense, which might not be explained by cultural constraints and anticipation of a good outcome. The most straightforward components of this phenomenon are people’s nightmares about the supernatural world that are probably not caused by individuals’ beliefs, accentuated by their imagination. These elements are universal across the globe, and thus it is easy to apply psychoanalytic principles to explain such visions. Overall, I think that this part of human life does not require more research that should involve professionals in both scientific and non-scientific fields.