Primary education for children in bilingual immigrant families can be challenging for parents. They often face problems of cultural inconsistency, that is, a lack of understanding of certain self-evident norms and traditions. For example, in the United States, it is common practice for parents to attend school, while in South Korea this behavior is considered impolite. Parents can also experience psychological discomfort when communicating with teachers due to language barriers. Therefore, family engagement is the most common approach to reduce the distance between teachers and parents and improve communication. This paper aims to discuss how family engagement and other teaching strategies address the needs of dual language learners.

Dual Language Learners and Family Engagement
Dual language learners (DLL) are students who are educated in a language different from the one, primarily spoken at their homes. Interestingly, these students often also face a different cultural setting. DLLs usually are US-born children of immigrants, and sometimes of US-born parents. The most populous immigrant groups in California are Spanish, Vietnamese, Korean, and Tagalog. Since the immigrant population usually presents a considerable cohort of US citizens there are widespread educational practices developed specifically for the DLLs. For instance, the strategy of family engagement was created to improve the communication between the DLL’s parents and teachers.

The US educational system recognizes the importance of the family in the process of learning new knowledge. Therefore, the concept of engagement was introduced at an early stage in the scientific discussion of DLL learning strategies. The idea behind this concept is to provide broader expectations for the families of students, that is, the perception of them as a strong partner with many opportunities. In other words, the modern US educational system is based on the idea that the family has more wisdom about the education of children than the school curriculum. In this regard, one of the main goals and objectives of the system is to create the prerequisites for improved interaction between families and schools.

Equally important are such generally accepted concepts in the educational system as cultural capital, social capital, and human capital, as well as the approach based on the ecological theory fundamentals. In general, the ecological theory considers the children’s developmental systems such as proximal systems and distal systems. Proximal systems are the systems common for learners like school, and home, this is a tangible system in which the students exist. At the same time, the distal system is the concept that describes the more intangible, ideological aspects of learning like culture and neighborhoods.

There is also a perception that these two systems present a bi-directional interaction, which is also studied. According to the theory, the only way to establish optimal learning is to harmonize the two systems. Then, the concept of cultural capital embodies the idea of the cultural knowledge, beliefs, and customs inherent among the students’ family members. At the same time, social capital refers to the students’ social networks as valuable assets of support and influence. Finally, human capital is the concept describing students ‘personal qualities that help them succeed in the learning process. These qualities may include the initial education, competencies, and skills, as well as the personal attributes.

Scholarly Discourse
Scholars generally recognize the family engagement approach as correct and offer ways to implement this approach within the school curriculum and lesson plans. For example, Quin et al. (2018) recognize the importance of introducing the ecological model for students ‘learning development and consider the most critical factors inherent in the model, such as teacher’s support that has a high positive relation with the student’s engagement. The scholars also admit the great influence on behalf of the students’ community, family, and peers. Quin et al. (2018) determined the factors perceived as protective concerning the learning success. These are teacher support, academic grades, prior engagement, family management practices, and others. The risk factors included antisocial peer affiliation, community disorganization, absences from school, and school dropout.

Although these factors were developed for the 10th and 11th graders, they are also appropriate for younger students, as they discuss the common situation of receiving education by younger and older children. Interestingly, these factors could be introduced into the initial and more generally perceived family engagement approach since, according to the scholars ’report, they have shown a high potential. The presented information can as well be used to develop the requirements and evaluations of the students ’success and when looking for the red flags in students’ school performance. For example, teachers could develop questionnaires for parents where family members could answer questions related to the presence or absence of risk factors or supportive factors.

Consultation is one of the acceptable forms of family engagement in the learning process. Teachers can provide valuable insights on which home-based family practices will be most effective for DLL students. For instance, there are widespread and commonly accepted practices or characteristics of family engagement. These practices include joint decision making, regular two-way communication, collaboration with teachers and exchange of knowledge, learning in-home and in the community, and