Film 12 Years a Slave show slavery problem everywhere. Movie made $150 million outside U.S. and $57 million in U.S. with $20 million budget (Sharf, 2020). Movie based on book Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup (Ntim, 2020). It tell story of free African American man who get taken and made slave. Solomon spend twelve years far from family, being sold many times. Lucky, he meet someone who help him send message to family, they come rescue him. Movie show how white slave owners treat black slaves bad because of bad system and wrong thinking at that time.

Movie have two main groups, White and African Americans, and three groups, rich slave owners, workers, and slaves. Movie start with free African American musician Solomon Northup, living in Saratoga, New York with family (McQueen, 2013). But he get kidnapped by two white men, they hurt him and sell him as slave, change his name to Plat. Before that, Solomon and these two men were same group. But because he black, they think they can take his freedom. Solomon have two masters, William Ford and Edwin Epps (McQueen, 2013). Ford is nice and religious, but Epps is mean. Movie show that slave owners have different personalities, but all have bad views on race.

Even though 12 Years a Slave about slavery, it also talk about working together and being own person. Main character always say he free, not slave (McQueen, 2013). But others on plantation think slavery normal, they help each other. Solomon try to be part of group, but he want to go home more than follow group rules.

Movie also show bad beliefs, stereotypes, and discrimination against black people. For example, Ford bring Solomon and Elisa to his place, his wife sad Elisa away from her kids. She say food and rest make her forget children (McQueen, 2013, 32:47-32:51). This show people think slaves not feel like white people. Another example is Tibeats, a carpenter, he get mad at Solomon when he smart and help Ford. Tibeats think Plat never better than white person because he "nigger" (McQueen, 2013, 36:35-36:37). Before Solomon slave, he no face discrimination, but after, it everywhere.

In short, 12 Years a Slave tell story of slaves and owners long time ago. Movie show how free black man become slave, then free. It bring up big issues like discrimination, stereotypes, and bad beliefs that keep slavery going for long time.