Biomedical research is when scientists learn from people, and rules are made to be good when studying people in a nice way. Long ago, bad experiments happened in World War II, so rules were made to keep science safe and not make people feel bad (Piasecki & Dranseika, 2019). History says that even if science needs to go fast, we must always be nice to people, no matter if it is hard. New studies think about being good and other scientists check if the studies are okay. This paper talks about how history affects how we do research now and how we keep people safe.

Being good is important in research because we go into people's private space, body, or mind. Long ago, there were rules made in 1948 to say we can't study someone without them saying it's okay (Dawson et al., 2020). Another rule is the Declaration of Helsinki that says we must test on animals first before studying people (Piasecki & Dranseika, 2019). The rules talk about being nice, doing good, and being fair to people. Knowing the rules helps us see that people's rights are more important than science, even if science can help with health.

We read many old and new research papers in nursing school, and we see different good things to think about. We also look at studies about COVID-19 and how people's rights are protected. We look at why some patients don't come back to the clinic and how it affects their health (Dawson et al., 2020). One study talks about how COVID-19 made it hard for immigrants and poor people to get mental health help (Aragona et al., 2020). The study didn't ask for permission to use the data, so it's not good for people's rights. We also look at how missing appointments can affect health and how it's important to follow the rules (Williamson et al., 2021).

It's important to remember the rules about people's rights and being good when doing research. Even if we want to learn more, we can't forget about people's rights, and people in studies should know what's happening. Looking at studies about poor people missing clinic visits shows that we still need to think more about being good.