There are very few movies that talk about women being friends and sharing a strong bond, trying to break free from rules about gender, class, time, and place. Scott’s movie shows how women are like inside. Thelma gets married young and has a controlling husband but she is not as weak as people think. Thelma doesn’t agree with her situation, so she packs her things, leaves her husband a note, and goes on a trip with her friend Louise for the weekend. Thelma is new to adventures, but Louise is more experienced. Louise is in charge of her relationship with her boyfriend Jimmy, even though she has to deal with his risky actions while she works as a waitress. Louise doesn’t hesitate to protect her friend from harm.

Looking at the world through the eyes of independent women heading into the unknown was a new idea that showed women as important. Cooper says this movie is about women who challenge time and ignore social rules. It has a deep meaning about the soul living forever and the value of freedom, which is stronger than death. The end of the movie shows that suicide is better than prison, just like a quick death is better than life in jail.

It’s sad that there aren’t many strong movies about women’s struggles in Hollywood now. That’s why people keep talking about Thelma and Louise. Current movies show women getting married and getting a ring from a man as their big moment of change and self-discovery, but these movies are forgettable. They won’t be remembered as symbols of women’s strength like Thelma and Louise because they don’t show women needing freedom.

Smith talks about how women are not treated equally in movies. She shares some sad numbers. First, she says only a small part of the speaking roles in movies are for women. What’s surprising is that this has been the same for a long time. For example, in the famous movie The Lord of the Rings, all the main characters are male. So, women are still not seen much in movies.

Second, Smith says that besides gender unfairness, Hollywood movies also have issues with race and ethnicity. This might change in the future. In 2020, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said they would make new rules to be fairer. Rottenberg says that from 2024, movies that want to win the Best Film award must follow at least two rules from a list. One rule is to have actors from different backgrounds, including women, LGBTQ+ people, and others. Also, the production and marketing teams must be diverse. But women are still not equally represented, even though they make up half of society.

Third, Smith mentions that only a small number of movie directors are women. Also, there are very few directors who are not white. The gender of the director affects the roles in the movie. When more women work on a movie, more women are shown on screen. This is one reason why women are not well represented in movies. So, with these sad numbers and trends, Hollywood is not a great place for women.

Chelsey, thank you for your thoughts. Besides showing freedom and independence, Thelma and Louise are feminist movies that make women as strong as men. The female characters in the movie challenge the typical male view seen in most Hollywood movies. They use humor to show how male views can be unfair. The movie uses three ways to make fun of men: showing them as obsessed with sex, making them objects for women to look at, and highlighting women’s friendships. This creates a strong female perspective that fights against male dominance and lets us see the movie in a feminist way. As for Stacy Smith’s TED talk, it’s true that women have a hard time in the movie industry. Nowadays, most movies are made by men and still show things from a male perspective.