The story of blood giving goes back to olden times when people tried to help animals with blood. A wise man named Hippocrates suggested that folks with mind problems drink the blood of healthy folks (Community Blood Center, 2020). Many thought blood could make you feel young again. Some even believed that blood is like magic: when you use it, your life can last for many years (Community Blood Center, 2020). I think these facts are very interesting, especially when we think about how blood giving and blood banks have grown.
The path of giving blood had many ups and downs – from people seeing it as a great thing to the government saying it cannot be done. The first times blood was put into veins came from the start of the world’s first academy of sciences – the Royal Society of London, made in the 60s of the 17th century (Community Blood Center, 2020). Back then, it wasn’t easy to give blood to a person: before the hollow needle and modern syringe were made, it took two more centuries. In 1656, Christopher Wren used a bird’s feather as a needle and fish and animal bladders as a syringe (Community Blood Center, 2020). Even though the first tries were good, not many people got blood transfusions. It was a hard operation, and some folks had big problems from getting the blood.
Also, the early studies showed that giving blood was not a common thing in medicine, where the result didn’t depend on the doctor’s skills but on things we didn’t know. We know there are blood types that can match or not match (Community Blood Center, 2020). Because of this and many other reasons, giving blood was not a thing done every day in medicine. The main reason to give blood was when someone lost a lot of blood fast.
The world wars and new tech made studying and using blood giving faster. With ways to store blood and freezing tech like freon, blood could be moved far and kept longer. In 1932, the first blood bank was set up in a Leningrad hospital (Community Blood Center, 2020). After this, Leningrad scientists A.N. Filatov and N.G. Kartashevsky were the first to make and use blood parts like red cells and plasma (Community Blood Center, 2020).
By following the rules of giving and getting blood, it became safer. Giving blood became a common way to treat many things. It was not just for blood loss and low blood, but also for getting strong, fighting sickness, and stopping diseases. This was true till about the mid-80s when the AIDS outbreak changed how we saw giving blood.
Nowadays, giving blood is a big part of making sure people can get blood when they need it. The main goals now are to use tech to make the work easier, have good equipment, and make sure the blood is top quality.