Carbohydrates are foods that give energy and help the body work well. Everyone needs lots of carbohydrates in their food to stay healthy and do daily tasks right. Scientists say you should have 45% to 65% of carbohydrates every day (Wali et al., 2021). If you eat lots of carbohydrates, you get lots of calories and energy for your body. This paper talks about eating carbohydrates and where they come from.

Some foods with lots of carbohydrates are wheat. You can eat wheat as wheat grain or wheat flour, and they work differently in the body. Wheat flour is made by milling wheat grain to take off the outer part called bran and germ. The bran and germ have different chemicals from the endosperm in the wheat kernel. The endosperm in the kernel has starch as the major carbohydrate. It also has free gas, pentosans, and glucofructans. The outer part of the wheat kernel, the bran, has starch mixed with the endosperm. The bran also has carbohydrates like free gas and cellulose.

Carbohydrates come from many foods like fruits, green veggies, roots, and legumes. Fruits have three types of sugar called glucose, fructose, and sucrose (Ludwig et al., 2018). Glucose is used by the brain and muscles, fructose helps the liver work, and sucrose breaks into glucose and fructose to give energy. Green veggies only have simple carbs in a simple form. Roots have a bit of carbs that help the body. Legumes have complex carbs like resistant starch that aren't easily broken down into glucose in the small intestine.

Eating lots of added sugar isn't good for you. You need to be active to burn the calories from eating lots of carbs. Eating too much starch and fat can make you overweight. Being overweight comes from not burning enough calories. You should eat the right amount of carbohydrates. Too much sugar can cause heart problems and block blood vessels, leading to heart attacks and strokes.

In the end, carbohydrates are important for us, but how much we need depends on what we do. People who do hard work need more carb-rich foods. You should know what activities you do to not eat too many carbs. Carbs do different jobs in the body depending on the type. They give energy for muscles and movement. If a doctor says to avoid high carb foods, eat low carb foods like veggies and some fruits. Natural carbs in fruits and veggies are better for you than added sugars. Talk to your doctor about what fruits and veggies are safe for you based on your health.