Introduction
Healthcare working together is very important for successful patient care. Different aspects like rules, making resources, and other important things in healthcare should be thought about when taking care of patients. Care working together also thinks about what a patient needs emotionally, culturally, ethically, and other special things to make them happy during treatment. We will look at a patient with high blood pressure and make a plan to help them. High blood pressure is when the force of your blood against the walls of your blood vessels is too strong. About half of people in the US between 54 and 74 years old have high blood pressure (Carey & Whelton, 2018). So, a plan to work together will help the patient and others affected by this condition. More people have high blood pressure now because of how they live.

Helping the Patient's Health
Good help should focus on the patient's needs and efforts to get better. It's important to involve the patient in their treatment and help them be active. Patients can make a big difference in how good their care is if they are part of it (Fowler, 2017). The patient we are talking about is a 65-year-old woman who found out she had high blood pressure in July 2019. Her important numbers are BP 141/90, HR 108 bpm, temperature 38 °C, and RR 37 bpm. When she found out she was sick, she wanted to know more about her illness and what to do to live a normal life even with a disability. High blood pressure can cause many health problems, so it's important to know about three of them.

Heart Problems
High blood pressure can make your arteries hard and narrow, causing a heart attack (atherosclerosis). A heart attack is when something blocks the blood flow to your heart and makes a blood clot. A stroke is a similar problem but happens in the brain (Wang et al., 2018). People with high blood pressure need to watch out for these problems because they are more likely to happen.

To stop heart problems, the patient should quit smoking and drinking, exercise, control their blood sugar and cholesterol, and keep a healthy weight. With help from a team of healthcare workers, the patient can do this. Another way to help is to give the patient more information about their treatment options (Wang et al., 2018). Hospitals like Health Partners Regional Hospital, Mayo Clinic, and University of Minnesota Medical Center can help the patient too.

Feeling Sad
Learning about high blood pressure can make a patient sad and worried. Because it's a long-term sickness, the patient will need to change their life and spend a lot of money on treatment (Fowler, 2017). This can be hard for the patient. Feeling sad can be a big problem because it's hard to tell if it's because of high blood pressure or something else.

To help with feeling sad, the patient should keep doing their daily activities, take medicine when they feel sad, learn about feeling sad, and get more help from friends and family (Wang et al., 2018). Hospitals like University of Minnesota Medical Center, Mayo Clinic, and others can help patients who feel sad.

Forgetfulness
Blocked arteries can cause a kind of forgetfulness called vascular dementia and stop blood from going to the brain. Strokes can also make people forgetful. Forgetfulness is one sign of dementia (problems with memory, thinking, and talking) (Fowler, 2017). People with high blood pressure should know that being unhealthy and making bad choices can lead to dementia, a long-term sickness.

To help with forgetfulness, patients can do exercises, use their senses, and take medicine (pharmacology). Remembering good times, being comforted, and smelling nice things can also help with dementia (Wang et al., 2018). Local hospitals like Minnesota Guardians Pharmacy, University of Minnesota Medical Center, and Mayo Clinic can help patients with dementia.

Being Good and Right in Healthcare
Healthcare is very important for doing good and being right, and it should follow good rules. Patient care that is good includes being fair and thinking about what's best for patients. The American Nurses Association says nurses should follow their job rules. Being good and right in healthcare, like being kind, free, safe, and fair, is very important for giving good care.

When we work together in healthcare, we need to think about important things like if the patient is doing well. We also need to see if working together is making patients safe and healthy (Wang et al., 2018). We can think about what we would do if the patient was someone we loved. If we think about these things, we can give patients the best care.

Keeping Care Going in Healthcare Rules
Healthcare rules are very important for making sure care is good and follows the law. Rules in healthcare should also think about good things like being fair. People in charge of healthcare and groups that make healthcare rules set these rules. They are made to make sure healthcare works well and fast.

The Affordable Care Act (ACA), known as Obamacare, is a big healthcare rule made by President Barack Obama. It's a big deal for how we work together and keep care going. Another rule, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), helps keep patients' information private and make sure they have insurance for healthcare. HIPAA helps more people get healthcare no matter where they live or who is in charge of them. Working together, trusting each other, and keeping patients' information private help us share important information with many different healthcare workers (Hu et al., 2018). HIPAA makes sure we use patients' information in the best way.

Obamacare and HIPAA help patients when they need it most. High blood pressure can be a big problem, so patients should get the best care (Hu et al., 2018). Also, the Care Continuum and Coordination Act helps patients keep getting care for a long time. Good healthcare rules are important when patients are near the end of their life and can't pay for care.

Things a Care Worker Should Do
Learning new things is important to make care better. The best way to make care better is to teach patients new things regularly (Liang et al., 2017). These lessons will help patients understand why care is important. We talked a lot about the patient's care plan and worked well together to fix problems that came up, making sure the care plan was done right.

As a care worker and healthcare giver, I learned how to help patients by working with them. I also learned what patients want and worry about and where they think care can be better. The patient knew how important it was to keep getting care. The plan we made helped her learn important things she wouldn't know otherwise. But we need to make some changes to the care plan.

The patient should invite close people like family to the lessons. This will help care get better even at home. Care lessons will help nutritionists, fitness coaches, and other therapists (Liang et al., 2017). With these changes, we can make the care plan better. More lessons will help everyone, especially patients with high blood pressure. We should make changes based on good practices to give care fast and well.

Plan for Patient Care and Healthy People 2030
Making the