Introduction
Casa Mono and Bar Jamón are on Irving Place and 17th Street, near Union Square in New York. In 2009, Casa Mono got a Michelin star. It is a tapas restaurant like those in Spain’s Costa Brava. The restaurant started in 2003 by Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich. It was one of the first to make Spanish tapas into small plates in New York. This writing will look at how this place brings new things to Spanish food while staying true to its roots.

Entrance and Impressions
When you first go in, the servers say "Welcome to Casa Mono!" The servers are nice and make you feel special. But sometimes the service is a bit confused. It takes less than five minutes to get a table if you reserved beforehand. Because of COVID-19, you need to show you got the vaccine. Besides that and the masks, the place feels real.

Cultural Differences
The sounds and smells in the restaurant can be a lot. You can hear lively music and smell cooking. This makes you feel like you are in rural Spain, with food cooked over flames. The taste of Spanish cheese is like a perfect harmony.

The Restaurant Space
The place has about ten tables and some bar seats. It's small, so you might touch others accidentally. The vibe is more like Spain than America - people are friendly and close. The design with lots of wine bottles and sunlight feels like the Mediterranean.

Ordered Food
The menu has 21 things to eat, including three sweets. Most of it is in Spanish to honor the original dishes. Trying the roasted peppers with oxtail is a must. You can also order small dishes like soft eggs with sea urchins. The meal ends with Manchego cheese and 'Crema Catalana con Buñuelos'. The dishes show the richness of Spanish flavors.

Salad, Bread, Desserts
If you don't like those, start with Spanish bread with tomatoes and olive oil. A Spanish-style salad with almonds and cheese is a good choice. You can also get churros with chocolate sauce for dessert.

Beverages
They have a big wine list and Spanish coffees like 'Café Cortado'. No sodas, just wine and coffee, which is different from American places.

Cultural and Economic Geography
Casa Mono treats local products like they are from Spain. They import real Spanish ingredients like cheeses and anchovies. The menu reflects Spain's coastal location with lots of fish dishes.

The Staff Uniform
The staff wears white shirts and black pants with aprons. You can see them working and talking to guests. Some have tattoos that you can see a bit under their clothes and gloves.

Food Review
Overall, the rating is B or B+. The food is great and authentic. The place feels charming and lively, but sometimes crowded. The service is a bit slow because of this.

Learning
Eating at Casa Mono is like a taste of Spanish culture in New York. It's not just about food, but also about the atmosphere and feeling like you are in Spain.