Kidnapping is bad because it is when someone takes another person without asking and puts them in a place they don't want to be in. I think if someone tries to do a bad thing, they should be punished just like if they did the bad thing. For example, if Jerry tries to steal from a bank, it means he planned to do it (Roberson & O’Reilley, 2020). Another example is if someone tries to hurt someone but doesn't succeed, it's still considered trying to hurt them. Even if the person didn't do the bad thing, if they wanted to do it, they should be punished the same. But there are other things to think about too. This is how I think the situation should be handled. Kidnapping is either a serious or a very serious crime. The lowest level of kidnapping is a serious crime.

Kidnapping is like taking something forcefully. Serious kidnapping is a very serious crime (Roberson & O’Reilley, 2020). People do this if they want money or make someone do something they don't want to do. Kidnapping can be confusing, especially when we talk about taking someone forcefully and keeping them somewhere against their will. We must understand the differences between these types of actions.

Going back to what we talked about, Jerry made the cashier help him rob a bank by threatening them. So, he shouldn't be charged with kidnapping because he let the cashier go later. But he should be charged with trying to kidnap the cashier to keep them and use them as a way to leave. I think the robber wanting to keep the cashier is important because he had to run away when the police stopped his plan (Roberson & O’Reilley, 2020). So, keeping the cashier shouldn't be seen as kidnapping because the cashier wasn't taken from one place to another.

For kidnapping to happen, the person has to be moved while being kept against their will. So, Jerry shouldn't be guilty of this crime because he didn't move the cashier. Also, not letting someone be free is the most important part of kidnapping. Even though Jerry made the cashier come with him to the bank parking lot, he let them go soon after. So, Jerry didn't mean to take away the cashier's freedom since he freed them later.

In short, the force used on the bank teller can't be seen as a separate crime from what the person meant to do in the first place. Jerry wanted to steal from the bank, so that's the crime he should be charged with. Anything bad that happens within this crime is part of the crime itself. It's important to know that stealing is a crime because threats or force are used to take things illegally. So, using force on the bank clerk is a part of the stealing and can't be seen as something different.