Chapter 9
In chapter 9, two big ideas are talked about in the book “Women in World History.” These are gender roles and feminism.
Gender Roles
Gender roles are jobs in society given to men and women. People learn about gender roles when they are young in a process called gender socialization. For a long time, women have been given jobs that are seen as feminine, which has made it hard for them to do other things in society. Turkmen women used to make carpets at home while men took things out of their tents. Young women wove carpets for a long time each day, and older women took care of the house. In the twentieth century, making carpets became a big deal in Iran because people in other places wanted them. The book talks about how men and women had different jobs, with women doing things at home and men doing business outside.
Feminism
Feminism is a word that talks about a western belief that says women should have the same rights as men in politics and money. The meaning of feminism has changed over time to also think about men’s interests. Feminism started with ideas from Europe and Middle Eastern countries, which wanted women to be educated and treated equally. Because of more trade happening, women’s lives changed. When the Islamic Republic started, the rules about women changed too.
Chapter 10
Chapter 10 in the book talks mainly about how British rule affected Indian women.
Gender Division and Feminism
This part also talks about gender roles, but for Indian women. British people went to India to make more money. They taught men to work in offices, while women did housework and planned family events. People from the West debated about how they treated women to make their taking over other countries seem okay. Some leaders made fun of feminism, saying it was like western ideas about being fair. Indian leaders wanted to change things for women, so they made new rules that helped women in India.
Women Seclusion (Purdah)
Purdah is a word for keeping women apart from society, especially in Islamic places. The Indian National Congress said women should have land and live in families instead of alone. Women in purdah had to join public events and be part of society. Indian women were freed from old rules, not because of the British.
Poverty and Literacy
Dalit women in India were very poor and many couldn’t read. Discrimination made it hard for them to get better jobs, and talking about it in politics made it worse. Men saw women as objects instead of people, which has made it hard for women to change their lives.