The 1999 movie Girl, Interrupted showed life in a hospital for people with mind problems. The main person is Susanna Kaysen, a girl who finished high school, didn't go to college, and tried to hurt herself. Her parents put her in the hospital after this, and she was told she has a disorder. The way Susanna was shown in the movie with lights, music, inside and outside things, messages, and friendships made her look like a teenager with a bad but not hopeless mind problem. 
The main person is a pretty thin girl with short hair, light skin, and a special style. As the story goes on, we see Susanna is good at writing, painting, and music. But the movie wanted to show that even someone like Susanna can have many emotional issues like feeling bad about themselves, not following rules, and worrying a lot. Some things about her look like she is sad and worried. Her eyes don't look happy often, especially at the start of the movie.
Lights were important in Girl, Interrupted, but they didn't focus on one person. Whether it was day or night, the light was on the people who were talking or in a quiet moment, not just one person. This was to show that even if the story was mostly about Susanna, she was just a small part of a world where people hurt themselves, don't eat, lie, and are mean.
The music in Girl, Interrupted is mostly sad to show how the main person feels. When Susanna talks to doctors, you can hear a clock ticking, which usually means something bad might happen. This shows that she might hurt herself again soon. Although most of what Susanna says is not with music, there is dramatic music when she says important things or makes big choices about her future.
The movie was edited to show how Susanna felt about her memories and thoughts. The story doesn't go in order but goes back to show her remembering tough times. The movie starts with a big moment where the main person is in the dark with other patients. It changes to when doctors try to help her after she tried to hurt herself and said strange things. This was to show that Susanna wasn't sure if she was normal or not.
The people who made the movie used outside and inside things to make the character. For example, even though Susanna, a strange and exciting name, is pretty, her look, how she acts, and what she does show that she may have emotional problems. She looks worried around others and wants to hide by putting more makeup on to look pale and wearing clothes that cover her a lot. Susanna's world is only about drawing and writing about random things without a clear reason. But her friendship with Lisa shows that even though she is lost, she doesn't like being cruel. At first, she is mean because of Lisa, but later, she decides she doesn't want to stay in the hospital forever. So, her final idea was that she wanted to be part of the normal world even if it's not clear, which helps her get better. 
In short, Girl, Interrupted is not just about people with mind problems but also about a teenager who had a hard time finding her place. Susanna was a pretty and talented but worried young lady. The way she was shown, how she talked to others, and how the movie was edited all showed that she knew she had problems. But only when she accepted these problems could she get better.