Differences between main and other sources

Main sources are the ones that give first-hand proof about the happenings or things that one is learning. These sources can be diaries, pictures, video and sound records, interviews, art pieces, numbers, and more. All these types of sources let the researcher learn about the topic directly by watching or reading/listening to it from people who saw it firsthand. In the case of the sad event at the Chernobyl Nuclear Plant, the most important main sources are the stories, papers, newspapers from that time, pictures, and interviews of people who saw it. By using these things, one can learn facts without bias and get the most important information about the event or thing being studied. Also, when looking at main sources, the researcher can feel like they are in the time when the thing was happening and the situation in which it grew. For example, for history and old stuff experts, main sources like old bones or things from past tribes are both info and ideas. On the other hand, for someone studying a political or nature problem, reports and news can be good sources of true data.

On the other hand, other sources give info from other researchers. These sources are books, reviews, and academic articles about the thing being studied. By looking at other sources, one can get a better understanding of both the thing being studied and the main sources. While main sources show what was happening, other sources help the researcher gather all the info on the topic.

Tell why it is important to see many sources when doing old stuff research

Both kinds of sources are key in research since they help each other. While main sources give real proof, other sources give more info and put things together. But, even if one has a main and another source, it's not enough for a good research. One needs more than a few sources, no matter how good they are. It is very important to see many sources when doing old stuff research because each new source can have more proof. Also, when the same info is in many sources, it is more believable. At the same time, different info gives the researcher new things to think about and allows them to ask new questions and get new answers. That's why the more sources one has, the better. It is very important to see not just many sources but also different kinds of them because the writers of articles and books, for example, have different ways of putting together info.