A Rose for Emily is very good as the Southern Gothic kind. This kind comes from the 20th century and was liked by European people. It is full of secrets, strange things, scary stories, and very hard situations for the people in the stories. The kind talks about funny and sad things like hidden ways, old castles, and spider webs. Southern Gothic stories look at people behaving in a strange way, not following rules, and thinking that normal life and rules are not real. A Rose For Emily talks about being sick in the mind, killing, and losing love, making a scary story for the reader and fitting a Gothic Tale.
First of all, A Rose for Emily shows the Southern Gothic kind when the town people talk about the murder of Homer. After Emily's father died, she stayed away from people, and her house got dirty and smelly. Some men from the town came to clean the house, but they just put lime everywhere. They could have helped Emily and removed the father's body, but they were worried if she needed help (Sullivan 175). People in the town liked Emily and cared for her. This is clear when she bought poison “So the next day we all said, “She will kill herself”; and we said it would be the best thing.” (Faulkner 6). They liked her but also felt very angry. The town did not want to be friends with her, but they cared for her, which made her buy poison to kill Homer Barron. Instead of doing the right thing, the town hid the crime. They ignored what happened to Homer Barron, showing a very hard situation for the people in the Southern Gothic kind.
Secondly, A Rose for Emily has the story of love lost, like other Southern Gothic stories. When Emily met Homer, they could have married. But then people in the town talked about her being rich and him being poor, saying, “Of course, a Grierson would not think seriously of a Northerner, a day laborer… grief could not cause a real lady to forget noblesse oblige” (Faulkner 5). Homer did not really love Emily, but he spent time with her. Some people said he liked men instead. Emily thought about their relationship as love, but Homer thought differently. Emily was scared of being alone and feeling a one-sided love is very sad (Liu 198). This made her buy wedding things, invite him for dinner, and poison him. So, A Rose for Emily shows a love story that is not right, like in other Southern Gothic stories.
Similarly, Emily's lost love with her father is also a Southern Gothic story. Her father controlled her life and stopped her from meeting people and having a love life “We remembered all the young men her father had driven away” (Faulkner 4). Her father and the other family members had a fight about money, so she only had her father to teach her about love. He also protected her, as seen in this part, “father a spraddled silhouette in the foreground, his back to her and clutching a horsewhip” (Faulkner 4). Emily loved her father and cared for him. When he died, Emily was very sad and did not know how to love in a normal way. This is why she did not cry when he died and told the town he was not dead for almost three days. The strict love of a father who stopped her from meeting others is a story from the Southern Gothic kind.
Moreover, Southern Gothic style is seen in A Rose for Emily with changes and new meanings. The writer changes Emily from a good girl to a not happy woman. At the start of the story, Emily was nice and rich, living with her father. She was alone and started to do strange things (Huang 205). At first, she did not believe her father died for three days. People in the town believed her, saying “we knew that with nothing left, she would have to cling to that which had robbed her, as people will.” (Faulkner 4). But it was hard for people to understand why she kept the dead body of Homer in her house. She also acted in a strange way when she was told to pay taxes. She got angry and said, “I have no taxes in Jefferson” (Faulkner 2). Even when people told her she needed to pay, she still said no. Her not being well in her mind is a story from the Southern Gothic kind.
In addition, Faulkner uses the Southern Gothic kind in many places in the story. At first, he writes about Emily's house as a place with secrets (Xiaokang 95). He calls it “a big, squarish frame house that had once been white, decorated with cupolas and spires and scrolled balconies in the heavily lightsome style of the seventies” (Faulkner 1). Homer died in the same house and was left there. The story happens in the Southern Gothic time. Emily was the last from her family that lived in that town for a long time. People came to collect taxes which made him a Southern Gothic. These things and the mystery in the story show that A Rose for Emily is a Southern Gothic story.
The story talks about Southern Gothic literature with slavery, racism, and strict men. Southern Gothic stories still liked racism and slavery even after they were stopped, where black Americans were seen as servants. This is first seen when Colonel Santos said “the edict that no Negro woman should appear on the streets without an apron-remitted her taxes” (Faulkner 1). He did not like black people and let Emily not pay taxes, making up a story that his father gave money to the town. The story shows slavery with Tobe. Tobe was called a negro, showing racism from the Southern Gothic time. The writer talks about Tobe as “They were admitted by the old Negro…The Negro led them into the parlor” (Faulkner 1). Tobe stopped working after Emily died. He was the only person seen in her house and did errands until he was old. When Emily died, Tobe left and was not seen again. He stopped working, showing a story from the Southern Gothic kind. 
In the end, A Rose for Emily is a very good example of the Southern Gothic kind. This can be seen from the different Southern Gothic stories in the book, like stories about being sick, death, and lost love. A Rose for Emily talks about the Southern Gothic kind by talking about Homer's murder. The story shows love in a bad way, like in other Southern Gothic stories. Emily's father controlled her and stopped her from being with others, showing another Southern Gothic story. The book has many Gothic elements like the house, Emily's actions, the poison she got, and her living alone in a falling house. From the start of the story, it makes a scary setting for the reader, important for Gothic stories. All these things make Faulkner's work a Southern Gothic story.