Introduction
Electronic services can be used for many different things like taking care of patients and education. Telehealth is a new technology that can change healthcare by making it cheaper, better, and making patients happier. During COVID-19, patients got treatment from far away instead of near their doctors. Before COVID-19, there were rules about who could help and where they could get money back. Because of COVID-19, Congress and CMS made it easier for Medicare to pay for telehealth so people can get medical help easily and not get sick with the virus. When the emergency is over, Medicare will go back to the old telehealth rules.

A New Way to Pay Doctors
This paper talks about a new way to pay doctors that rewards them for working hard, doing a good job, and helping the community. The new model gives doctors a base salary and bonuses based on how well they do their work. This model helps motivate doctors to do their best and gives them more freedom in their careers. It also helps hospitals and doctors work together better to help patients more.

A Fair Way to Pay Doctors
More doctors are looking for stable pay after COVID-19, and this model gives them that. The model wants to pay doctors a fair base pay and give them extra money if they meet the goals set by the hospital. This base pay helps doctors feel secure and not get too tired from work. Doctors will work better if they know they can get more money for doing a good job.

How to Measure a Doctor's Work
Doctors need to meet some requirements to get extra money, like seeing patients regularly and doing a good job. They also need to help the community as agreed. Hospitals can decide how much money to give based on their goals. This way, doctors will work hard to get more money.

Being Productive Helps Hospitals Make More Money
When doctors work hard, hospitals make more money. Doctors get paid more if they work more. There are ways to measure how much work a doctor does, like using units called wRVUs. Giving doctors money based on how hard they work helps them focus on helping patients.

Quality Care is Important
Hospitals have standards to make sure doctors give good care. Doctors need to talk to patients and treat them well. It's important to adjust these standards to fit each patient's needs. Hospitals should make their own goals to measure how well they are doing.

Make Patients Happy and Grow the Hospital
It's important to make patients happy and grow the hospital. By measuring patient satisfaction, hospitals can improve. Using new technology and treating patients outside the hospital will be important in the future. Hospitals should also have rules and rewards to make sure everyone follows the standards and works together.

Bringing People Together for Success
By working together, doctors and hospitals can build trust and succeed. The model helps by giving clear goals and being fair to everyone. Doctors can compete in groups based on how well they do, and the best ones get more money. To get the most money, doctors should encourage their friends to work hard too.

In Conclusion
The new model for paying doctors matches well with the laws to help everyone succeed. After COVID-19, doctors need to think about new ways to care for patients using modern technology.