In this essay, Corey has a model for making good decisions. The model has eight steps and is divided into three parts: understanding the problem, getting legal advice, and making a decision.

Understanding the Problem
A company found out from a test that an employee might be using drugs and lying a lot. They decide not to promote the worker but to fire him instead. The sad worker seeks help from a counselor.
As a counselor, it's important to know the problem well. The company wants to protect itself from losses, but firing the worker might not be fair. It could go against the rules of privacy and fair testing.
There are a few things to consider in this case. The company wants to do what's best for them, but the worker has rights to privacy and fairness. Also, the test might not have been done right.

Getting Legal Advice
Next, check all the rules and laws carefully. In this case, privacy rules are extra important. My job is to help the client while respecting their rights. If the test is right, we should also think about helping the client with their drug problem.

Making a Decision
One choice is for the client to sue the company. Another is to help the client with their drug problem. If those don't work, I can give them advice and support in life.
What to do next depends on what we find out. If the company did wrong, the client should get something back. If not, I'll focus on helping the client feel better.

Understanding the Problem
The second case is about a mental health worker who isn't skilled in career stuff. She's giving tests to help with jobs. As a counselor, I'm like her work friend who saw this happening.
It's not right to give services without knowing how. This goes against the rules. It could harm the clients and make me responsible for stopping it.

Getting Legal Advice
There are rules against doing things you're not good at. Also, testing should only be done by those who know how. We should try to solve this without causing trouble.

Making a Decision
I should talk to my colleague and tell her what's wrong. If that doesn't work, I might need to tell the professionals. I'd like to fix this without causing her problems. But if she doesn't listen, I might have to take stronger steps.