Sociology studies how people are divided by things like race, age, education, and money. The groups based on money are very important in sociology. I think the studies about how race and healthcare affect these groups are the most interesting and important. Sociology explains why certain social things happen, like when some people have more than others. By looking at events and things sociologists notice in their studies, we can understand why these things happen. This helps make charts that show numbers and facts about people. With this information, we can guess what might happen in the future, like about public health. If we know a lot about public health and how fair things are in this area, we can plan how to live better in the future, thinking about learning and jobs. For example, when sociologists see a link between how educated someone is when they are young and what illnesses they might have when they are older, it shows that learning different things might mean different health problems. People who learn about programming or cybersecurity might have different health issues compared to those who learn about music. Even if they seem the same when they are 20 years old, in the future, there might be big differences. At 20, the chance of having the same health problems, especially for those studying music, is very low. People can also see similar ideas with jobs like archeology, accounting, industrial chemistry, and psychology. Adler and Ostrove (1999) show that the education you get when you are young can affect your health later in life. By choosing a job, a person decides what their role in society will be, what resources they will have, and what illnesses they might face. Research in sociology also shows which types of cancer are more common in people with less money. Adler and Ostove (1999) say that cancers in certain parts of the body are more common in people with lower social status. These types of cancer can often be treated early if found quickly. People with less money are less likely to see a doctor, might treat themselves, and rely on friends for advice. They might not get regular check-ups due to money or living in small towns with fewer medical resources. This is how sociology can help understand these links and make predictions. It helps people make better choices that affect their lives. By looking at the medical history of people with high and low social status and gathering a lot of data, modern sociologists can see what's happening in healthcare. But it's not just money that affects health. The environment where people live is also important. Environmental issues are now a big focus in economic studies. If people can live in clean places, even if they are not highly educated or skilled, they are likely to be healthier. On the other hand, people living in polluted cities might face health problems that are not common for their social class. Wealthier people can travel more and move to different places, which can be good for their health. Climate change can often have a positive effect on their health and energy levels.