Passage: Tendencies in Lawsuits

Civil lawsuits are always changing and making new things happen. For many years, it was very rare to charge police officers for using too much force. Even if they were found guilty, the jury did not want to say they did wrong. But now, more and more people are suing the police, and more cases are ending with agreements. Many cases are solved without going to court, which makes police officers worried about possible problems. Also, there is a trend to protect citizens' rights and punish anyone who takes away rights given by the Constitution (The United States Code, 1980). This applies to everyone, not just people with certain jobs, but the rules for making decisions should be taken into account.

Changes in lawsuits about corrections and treating everyone equally have also happened. Looking at past cases, we see that even though correctional facilities have a lot of power, they must make sure that people with disabilities have the same opportunities. According to the Americans with Disabilities Act (2010), physical or mental disabilities should not stop someone from joining in society. So, even in legal cases, special help and good facilities should be provided for anyone who needs it.

The issues of being responsible in civil cases affect the criminal justice system. Because of the move towards fairness and helping those in need, justice is changing. According to the Civil Rights Act (1991), everyone should fix any harm they caused. So, fairness is very important in the modern criminal justice system. The issues in civil cases lead to changes in the system, and every new trend means doing things differently.

Civil Lawsuits Changes

The world is always changing, and these changes affect how legal cases are handled in the United States. The U.S. legal system continues to work on solving problems fairly and finding answers to arguments through different ways. While the main purpose of the courts has not changed, some parts of solving arguments are different now. Over time, civil cases have changed, and these changes affect law enforcement workers directly.

It is important to know that between the 1970s and 1980s, there was trouble in the U.S. court system. There were more appeals, cases took longer, and it was costly for everyone involved (Horner et al., 2018). This led to a need for changes because the system could not handle all the cases. Most of the changes were about the topics and difficulty of civil cases, but waiting times got longer.

Because there were so many cases, judges started to take on civil cases. The idea of having the same rules everywhere was not used as much, and Congress gave the courts the power to change the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. This made more cases happen, costs go up, and waiting times get longer. All these changes affected all parts of civil lawsuits and made law enforcement workers feel more pressure to do better in their cases. They were under a lot of stress because of more issues and work (Horner et al., 2018), which made civil cases even harder and took up more time.

Civil lawsuits have had many changes because of the problems in the court system. The topics of cases, how long they take, their special rules, and their size have all changed. But even with these changes, costs are still high, and things are not working perfectly. Also, all the changes have affected law enforcement workers directly. However, the changes have not been very helpful or made things better because they have not given much support to do important things.