The plan of the company includes making healthcare places bigger in sub-Saharan Africa. Unlike normal medical places, these places will have workers for keeping medical files and other number people. This need to grow in the open places of sub-Sahara Africa is because the area has had more chances for business and investing in the last ten years (Omilola & Sanogo, 2020). A bunch of workers might have to move to the place chosen. Looking at how strong and big each country is, it's best to start growing in the most developed and biggest countries first. So, the countries they're aiming at are Kenya, Nigeria, and South Africa. More countries and spots could be suggested later to make sure healthcare grows well if the move works out. For all three countries, the total number of workers moving shouldn't be more than thirty to keep things running well and not cost too much.
Workers with different skill levels will get different pay and bonuses. But there should be rules that work for all workers moving. This way, the move shouldn't harm a worker's health or daily life (Oyelere & Oyelere, 2021). Stores, banks, and places to change money are a big part of the move and should be given by the company. The offices should be close to places people need for daily life. Also, the different weather should be thought about, and workers should get a checkup before moving and have a place for quick help in an emergency. Making sure the health of workers is good is key because of the kind of work.
The company should set a year-long project to get the info needed and grow its skills. Studies have shown that short moves for fixing problems are growing (Pucik et al., 2017). These studies say that one-year moves make workers do better and work more. So, families should think about the bad parts of moving for the company's good. Some workers might not want to move with their families for a short time because it's hard. Even though one year is the rule, more time can be added in some cases, like if goals aren't hit or new plans come up.
As said before, workers can choose if they want to move with their families and the company will pay for it. Depending on how big the family is and how old the kids are, special plans might be needed. Before making plans, workers should fill out a form saying who's moving with them, like kids and their school info. One good idea for kids is to go to schools that help with foreign kids and languages. One school for all kids is better to keep things neat and easy.
Like the schools, the workers should live in a group of apartments. This keeps them safe and makes money plans easier. Since the move is only for a year, they probably won't sell their homes. So, it's better to pick apartments near school and work in a safe place. While the company can pay for the rent, the workers need to pay for other things like water and power. All apartments should be the same with furniture, but bigger families can get special rooms. It's important to talk about these plans with workers before they move to make sure they like it. Also, managers need to know what's needed to plan the costs and solutions for the company.
Lastly, the company's plan should follow the rules and keep workers from getting too stressed about moving. The main goal is to make healthcare better in many sub-Saharan African countries. This way, the company will be better known and more helpful because of how well its workers do. By paying for most of the travel and family costs and giving a safe place to be, the workers will have a good time. And making the move only last a year helps the company reach its goals while showing it can move well.