The fall of the 14-15th centuries, also called the trouble of the late Middle Ages, is a word used in Western history to talk about the slowing happening in some lands of Western Europe. Western historians, looking at the social and money happenings in some European lands in the 14-15th centuries, paid special notice to the “trouble happenings” in the European money of these times. They put first the movement of prices, people, “empty” of lands, and others as big parts of the slowing (Cole and Symes). Although the Middle Ages were once thought of as a time of not knowing and social power, it is now seen as a lively time during which the thought of Europe as a separate cultural group showed up.
From the 20s of the 14th century, the money slowing in the history of Europe started. The people were lessening, while farmed lands were mostly left alone. Towns were going down, farm and factory things were lessening, tech growth was stopped, the growth of business, mostly outside money, was slowing down, prices were dropping. Besides, the time is mostly known for beating feudal breaking up and the making of central states in France and England. By using the money of the towns, the kings could keep a paid army to fight against rebellious lords. The start of guns at the start of the XIV century made chivalry less big. Forts could not fight against guns, and the start of small guns made heavy knight armor useless.
After the time of fast people growth, Europe met the sad time. It has been often thought that the late Middle Ages is known for people dropping. There were three big parts for the slowing: a sick spread, hunger, and many wars. Besides, the weather was also to blame since winters got hard at the end of the 13th century. The land was not good for planting food which hurt the food of European people. At the time of the Big Hunger, many people died every day from no food, parents sold and ate their kids, people eating others was common. So, the people had a hard time making it and did not care much about stuff.
The other cause for the slowing was the sick spread which fast went around Europe and killed millions of people. It is said that the sick has gone to almost all places of the land, killing from 30 to 50 percent of people (Cole and Symes). The big run from the towns hit by the sick made panic, fear, and mob laws. Out of fear of getting sick, anyone who seemed even a bit sick was taken to the sick house by force. The self-death run, which got worse with the sick spread, made the rulers make new laws that hurt those who took their own lives to show their bodies to all. Along with the sick, healthy people often ended up in the sick house, who lived in the same home as the sick or dead, which made people hide the sick and hide the dead. So, the people of that time just aimed to make it.
In the end, the fights made hard times for the Europeans in the late Middle Ages. The stress on the poor made farmworkers fight against the rich. Being a farmworker was seen as something bad, which went against money and power. While the rich were used to a nice life, the poor saw them as fake. So, these two groups fought hard against each other. But the rich beat those from lower groups since they had more power. Also, the War of Roses, Hundred Years’ War, Polish-Teutonic Wars, and some others made the land bad causing fights in the politics, money, and people. So, the people were trying to make it to survive.
For all its kinds, spirit, and culture of the Middle Ages were built around one line. God was in all parts of life in medieval people and changed their idea of trouble (Gaddy 72). The Church kept stopping bad thoughts a lot, stopping bad groups and making priests hurt those who did not believe the same way (Gaddy). At the same time, the farmworkers did old ways and mixed them with God's ways. The Church became the center of fights, lessening the power of the Pope in the 14th century. This made new states grow.
The God thoughts also made art and learning grow, started by the growth of schools and the spread of learning. The new like in old books made in Europe since the Crusades (Cole and Symes). The making of books also helped to spread learning. Before, books were hard to get, but they got easier to get, starting the European change.
The first Italian thinker, Francesco Petrarch, made man's thinking – humanities. Thinkers thought that old truths were under the stories in old books. They did not like all of school's ideas and made the right thinking part of being good, the study of making people good by reading Roman writers with their good idea of people. The main thing about Italian thinking was the using of old Latin instead of medieval Latin. People liked Petrarch for his talks on history and right living, written in good old Latin. Petrarch learned the right Latin from Cicero, whose books he looked for a lot in the monk libraries (Robinson 249). For his Latin books, Petrarch was given a good prize in Rome.
Also, the New Testament was seen as the book of faith learning, mostly during the trouble. Since the Catholic faith was spread by people, the New Testament was the book to trust when praying (Luther 358). The church was getting more power making people change and making them work for God (Gaddy 114). It also helped make the ideas of being good and helped women get more power in society (Luther 359). So, the people were trying to find peace with God during the trouble.
In the end, the trouble of the Middle Ages caused big hurts on Europe; but, it made culture grow. The trouble was mostly hurt by the sick, hunger, and fights making people hurt and fight for life. So, their only goal was making it and finding peace with God. The God ideas of that time made big changes to the growth of culture and learning.