Data collection to make things better in a place is very important. In the health care place of the village, using actual experiences with patients and being supervised by a preceptor, who is the case manager, will be done. The info from treating people in this place will be used to check what the health part needs. This will involve checking the current info from patients in the emergency room and using this info to make the health part better. One big job of caregivers is to stop sickness. The ways to help should focus on stopping issues, not just treating them. This paper talks about how a practice group can use info to make health better.
The need info includes sickness records, how ready the health place is, and what the community does to stop sickness. This info should find out common sickness, make the health place ready, and help stop sickness in the community. But, each patient is different. For example, a patient with asthma in the emergency room wants their situation to stay good and to get drugs to help. This is not the same for a patient with malaria who will get treated and learn how to stop it. What a single patient wants is not always what the whole community wants. The info on health needs has sickness details and how patients are getting better.
To know what patients need the most, we might have to know about their behavior, where they live, and what sicknesses might run in their family. For example, for asthma patients, we should look at where they live to stop more attacks. Also, a diabetic patient can manage their sickness better by how they live.
The info from practice can make a support program, give more tests, and teach the community about health. The support program helps people with addictions, makes them feel accepted, and helps them stop bad habits. Tests help find sickness early. Also, teaching the community about health helps stop sickness before it happens. Health workers should focus on stopping sickness, not just treating it.
The practice group used the info to make their plans better. First, they worked with health providers to make an online place where patients can talk to doctors for free. This helped stop sickness and made it easier for patients to get help. Also, it made it cheaper for patients who could not pay for a check-up. Second, they wanted to give health help to poor people. They asked for more clinics and more health workers so everyone can get help, no matter how much money they have.
During practice, I helped the homeless, treated people with no insurance, and taught the community about stopping sickness. I met a patient with rheumatoid arthritis. At first, I thought it was rheumatic fever, but I learned the differences from my preceptor. This person is just one example of how practice helped me think better about health care. Good thinking and understanding are very important for all health workers. They need to be ready to make good choices.
My preceptor and other health workers showed me how important it is to care for patients. They made me see that the patient’s happiness is the most important. They showed this when my preceptor treated a patient who had insurance even though it was against the rules. He said the main thing was to help the patient, not worry about insurance. Patients trust health workers to care for them and make them better.
In the end, working with the practice group and my preceptor taught me a lot. I learned how to check what a community needs, from one person to the whole group. Also, I saw how knowing what people need can help reach health goals and make a community healthier. I hope for more chances like this as they shape your studies and change how you see life.