There are many wrong ways that show up when people talk or write. Some of these wrong ways are like when someone important is mentioned, when a story is told, when a general idea is made too quickly, or when things are said to lead to bad results. This writing talks about how people try to get others to agree by making them feel things. This kind of wrong way can be seen a lot on social media, ads, news, and when politicians talk.
Feelings are a big part of who we are and how we act. Feelings can change how we decide things, react, and behave. But when we talk about things and decide on something, feelings shouldn’t be part of it (Pirie, 2015). A smart person named David Hume from Scotland said that feelings are why we do things, but it’s our thinking that tells us what to do (Pirie, 2015). Yet, using feelings to make others agree is an easy way to scare or encourage them.
An example of the wrong way of using feelings can be seen in a talk by Leonardo DiCaprio at the UN meeting about the Climate Summit in 2014. In his three-minute talk, the UN Messenger of Peace uses many times when he tries to get people’s feelings involved. Most times, during this talk, DiCaprio doesn’t show facts or numbers to prove his point. Instead, he tries to make the UN people and the public feel things.
The first time he does this is in the first minute of the talk. DiCaprio says, “we all know better than that now every week we are seeing new and undeniable climate events” (United Nations, 2014, 1:01-1:14). This is wrong because he says that everyone knows something for sure. This way, he tries to control the audience and makes it easy for them to say he’s wrong. If someone says they don’t know what everyone else knows, they will look silly.
The next time is when he says, “you can make history, or you will be vilified by it” (United Nations, 2014, 2:04-2:08). The word “vilified” is strong and scary, and it’s used to make the audience afraid. Another example of using feelings to make people agree is when he says, “the time to answer humankind’s greatest challenge is now” and then “we beg of you to face it with courage and honesty” (United Nations, 2014, 3:35-3:44). The first thing is wrong because people face many big problems, like not having enough to eat, wars, and diseases. So, saying climate change is the biggest issue is too much. In the second part, it’s not clear who “we” are, but asking people to fight climate change in a begging way is very emotional.
In the end, Leonardo DiCaprio’s talk on climate change can be seen as trying to be liked by everyone and playing with their feelings. But it would be better if he showed real proof with numbers and facts to make his point stronger.