Small business is very important for the market. It helps the state grow well. Small business decides how fast the economy grows and what the gross national product looks like. The role of small business is big in society. The business tries to be social and create value for people to trade. It helps groups get what they need and want, making people like it. Different small businesses focus on making different things. For example, food trucks make special menus to earn more money by knowing what customers like.

A good thing about food trucks is they can go anywhere and be open almost all the time. They don't need to bring people in like other places; they can go to the people. In one day, a food truck can go to many parts of the city and feed lots of people. Another good thing is they don't have to pay rent for a place; they just need to buy a van or trailer.

A big problem is that rules for where mobile businesses can go are not clear. Also, how much money they make is not steady. It changes a lot depending on the time of year and where they are. It's also hard because they have to follow the same rules as regular restaurants for food quality and working conditions.

People who start businesses are different from most people. They like taking risks and dealing with unclear things. They like being free and feel good about running their own businesses. Wanting to be free and work for themselves helps them grow and care about customers.

In the video, they talk about franchising, where a group helps new businesses. They help with advertising, social media, and food safety. They also find places for the businesses to work. This helps them save money.

To grow a business, working with other businesses can be good. For example, a food truck selling hot snacks could team up with a bar that only sells drinks. Another food truck that sells treats like ice cream could work with a restaurant that doesn't have desserts. It's important to grow slowly and not rush. Some people try to grow too fast by opening many places in different areas, which can be bad if they don't have enough money.