The research was about men and women and their thoughts on body shape. The study aimed to fix old problems in past research. In the new study, it was said that men scored more on DMS and women on BSQS. The study also found links between being manly or womanly and wanting muscles or caring about body shape and checking if being manly was linked to wanting muscles. It was said that DFM and being manly had a good connection, as explained by old research. The study had 700 students from Princeton University who filled out surveys. 64% were women, and 36% were men who did tasks like DMS, BSQ, and BSRI for personality traits. The study used ANOVA and correlation to see the results, which showed men scored higher on DMS, and women had higher scores on BSQS.

Research about gender differences in body shape concerns mostly looked at body fat. They thought men were less worried about body fat than women and didn't diet as much (McCreary et al., 2005). DMS and gender roles found that men had more traits and wanted muscles more in earlier research. Women had different traits and acted more like females. Men who wanted muscles had conflicts as they wanted success and strength. Previous research had issues like only showing relationships, and the samples were limited by age and ethnicity. So, the new study wanted to solve these problems. It looked at if men and women have different thoughts about body shape and muscle. They predicted men would want muscles more and women would care more about body shape. They also wanted to see if being manly was linked to wanting muscles. They thought this would be true based on old theories. 

In the study, 700 people were surveyed, mostly European American, and worked in different jobs. They were between 18 to 35 years old. The study was done at Princeton University, and everyone who took part followed rules. They did surveys about body shape and personality. People filled out DMS, BSQ, and BSRI. They also had to agree to take part in the study. 

The study found that men wanted muscles more than women, and women cared more about body shape. Men who wanted muscles also were more manly. There was no link between femininity and wanting muscles. Men aim for muscles to avoid being sad, and women like muscular men. Men who fit into gender roles wanted muscles more. Men were mostly happy with their bodies, and women wanted to be thin. Men wanted to be muscular for social reasons. Most boys want muscles and work out to be muscular. Future research should have the same number of men and women to get better results. People might lie on surveys to look good, so the data might not be accurate. Researchers should focus on getting reliable data in the future.