The compute of the three ratios
Return on Assets (RoA)
Return on Equity (RoE)
Profit Margin
The reason and data given by each ratios
The three ratios shown and calculated in the last part are important for a business. The return on assets (RoA) tells how good the company uses all its assets to make money, even the ones it borrows. The return on equity is like this too, but it doesn’t think about the company’s debts. Lastly, the profit margin is very important because it compares sales and profits directly, saying how much the company really earns from doing business.
Company ABC look at three ratios
First, Company ABC is doing well because it makes enough money. Good returns on equity and assets mean the investors can hope for good returns too. The profit margin is also good, showing this part of the company is managed well.
The company’s profit
Company ABC is a good business that changes its assets into money well. The profit margin is more than 50%, which is good, even if the total sales are less than $1 million. So, the business works well on its own, keeping Company ABC in a good spot in the market. But it might not be enough for long-term growth.
Company ABC’s money success
While Company ABC’s money report looks good, it’s better to see how it compares to the top companies in the industry. The return on assets is shown by Rose (2022) and the industry’s average is 9.1-9.3% for the past four years. Company ABC’s number is much higher now at 28.3%, but its cash flow is not as high as the top companies. So, Company ABC’s ratios might go down as it grows more.
This is more clear when the income is compared to the industry’s average. The industry’s net income average was $4.7 million in 2020, but Company ABC only made $77,000, so it still has a lot to grow. Big companies like Williams-Sonoma have hundreds of millions in sales, but Company ABC only has half a million. If the company’s assets grow, its profits might not stay as high. So, it’s important for the company to keep making profits above the industry’s average level.