The bad but crazy (GBMI) choice can be seen as a big argument that many states choose even if there isn't much proof or good criticisms. It's a special choice that allows both mental treatment and normal punishment for people who did crimes because they are crazy (Bartol & Bartol, 2020). This means that with the GBMI choice, people who decide if someone did a crime and the judges say that the person is crazy and guilty at the same time.

The GBMI choice was made because there were more crimes done by people who were said to not be guilty because they were crazy before (NGRI). At the same time, the GBMI choice was made so a judge can decide a punishment based on how guilty and crazy someone is. It's meant to lessen the times when people who were said to be not guilty because of insanity get out of punishment early because of the special things about the GBMI choice. So, someone who gets it is punished like anyone else found guilty (Bartol & Bartol, 2020). Also, they get mental help decided by the court. The main thing about the GBMI choice is that the person serves the rest of their punishment if and when they get better mentally (Bartol & Bartol, 2020). This is different from the NGRI choice where someone who was said to be not guilty because of insanity gets out of being watched by doctors when they are not dangerous anymore.

The GBMI choice is still a big argument because it wants to help an offender get better and be nice to them while also punishing them and watching them. On one side, crazy people who did crimes get the help they need while being punished for what they did. Also, the choice keeps people safe by keeping these offenders in jail even if they get better mentally. On the other hand, people say that the GBMI choice is confusing and made for political reasons, without a clear goal, and confuses the people who decide. People might make wrong decisions because of their own ideas and make mistakes. For example, they might think someone is more dangerous because of their own beliefs and choose the GBMI choice to keep the community safe. But then, they say the person is crazy and guilty at the same time even if the person doesn't know because of their insanity.

Also, the GBMI choice is not fair for people in jail. With this choice, crazy offenders get mental help and many treatments. But others who were found guilty might get worse mentally and have mental problems in jail without getting any help. So, the GBMI choice makes a system where one kind of punishment is unfair and not equal.