In this paper, we look at drug addiction as the only type of personal addiction to help with our study and give suggestions for treatment. Scientists have different meanings for the phrase drug addiction. One group says drug addiction is when you really want drugs a lot and can't stop using them even when bad things happen (NIDA, 2020). Another group says drug addiction is a complex problem in the brain and mind that can be treated with gene therapy in the future (Liu & Li, 1823). Scientists look at drug addiction from different sides. The most common drugs people use are cannabis, amphetamines, opioids, and cocaine (Peacock et al., 1909). Drug addiction is a big problem that affects how individuals function.

Drug addiction is a mental problem that is influenced by the environment and social factors. The places where people live can make them want drugs more (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Exposure to drug ideas can make a person want drugs again even after they stop. Drug addiction is also affected by feelings, knowledge, and thinking (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Besides medicines, actions to change behavior can help with drug addiction. Non-medicine ways can be better because they have fewer side effects.

There are many reasons why people get addicted to drugs, but we can't say for sure who will get addicted. Different things can make a person more likely to get addicted (Kumar et al., 2019). Changes in the brain that make a person want drugs can happen because of things around them. For example, being close to someone who has a bad influence can be dangerous.

Drug addiction is different from other addictions, but they have similar effects on the brain. Alcohol and heroin can be addicting in the same way, but they are different (Lindesmith, 2017). Drug addiction can make people feel left out from society and can cause other problems (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Some studies show that drug addiction is linked to feeling sad, while other addictions like alcohol or sex addiction make people more active and can be dangerous (Zou et al., 2017).

Treatment for drug addiction includes using medicines that are like the drug a person is addicted to but in small amounts (NIDA, 2020). Freud thought that using cocaine could help with morphine addiction, but it didn't work (Loose, 2018). Nowadays, doctors can give the right amount of medicine to help without causing more addiction.

Recovering from drug addiction is a long process that depends on the person's problems. Most people need at least three months of treatment to stop using drugs, and longer treatment is better (NIDA, 2020). People can go back to using drugs, so they need support from family, friends, and society.

In group therapy, patients will get treatment based on their health. They will learn how to change their behavior, resist drugs, and build better relationships (NIDA, 2020). Patients will also get medicines to help with addiction. Over time, with help from therapists, patients can improve their mental health and stop using drugs.

For individual therapy, patients will meet with a doctor who knows about drug addiction. They will talk about their addiction and get a treatment plan. Patients will take medicines and get counseling to help them stop using drugs (NIDA, 2020). Different medicines can help with different types of addiction.

The treatment plan for drug addiction can last for 70 days and has three main stages. Patients will get counseling, take medicines, and learn how to live without drugs (NIDA, 2020). Patients in group therapy will talk with others in the group about their treatment.

Possible problems during treatment include lack of motivation, negative influences, and feeling disappointed. Patients might not want to stop using drugs because they don't have goals or support from family. They might also have other mental problems that make it hard to stop using drugs. Doctors need to watch for these problems and help patients stay on track.