Eat Lancet suggestions are made to mix good food habits with ways to not hurt Earth when making or farming some foods. Aim is to save Earth's different plants and animals while people eat tasty and good foods. This paper will look at Lancet's EAT suggestions, compare this diet to my eating habits, and talk about changes that can be done.

My diet is not like the EAT suggestions from Lancet. Firstly, I eat a lot of prepacked or takeout foods, but I add fruits to my food every day. But, I don't eat many veggies, nuts, or beans, like EAT says. Also, EAT says eat less red meat and dairy, but I eat those a lot ("EAT-Lancet Commission Brief for Everyone"). I like dairy, like milk and yogurt, every day, but EAT says I should eat less.

It's hard to change my diet to match EAT-Lancet suggestions. I need to change how I eat, so I have to start eating and shopping for different foods. Also, with EAT diet, lots of foods need cooking; for example, veggies are better in a salad, which needs more time to make. I don't have much free time now to cook, so it's hard for me to have a balanced and Earth-friendly diet. But, I could buy veggies that are ready or buy salads and healthy foods from where I already buy from to make it easier to eat these foods.

One thing I can easily change is how I shop since I often buy too many fresh foods that I can't eat before they go bad, so I throw them away. Lancet says wasting food "has big effects on health and Earth." I need to shop better for fresh foods to reduce waste, like shopping more often but buying less to eat fresh foods on time.

Also, this article talks about how food affects health, especially with more people getting very fat in rich countries. And, many people, especially kids, are very hungry every day (Lancet). This big difference makes me want to change how I eat and only buy what I can eat to reduce waste and harm to the Earth. This article makes me think about my eating habits and how I eat food and make small changes that help my health and the Earth. In short, my diet is very different from Lancet's suggestions, and there are some challenges in changing it to fit these suggestions.