Introduction
With worries about earth-friendly living nowadays, problems about wasting food and defending nature are seen more and handled better. With big problems about not getting enough good food and worrying about having enough food because of changes in how people eat, the way we eat that can keep going is at risk (Huambachano, 2019). For sure, how people eat and the whole idea of how we eat food are looked at to see patterns that might affect the earth in good or bad ways in the short and long term. Daily things like eating, cooking, buying food, and dealing with leftovers and trash make up how people act with food. They are often linked with how much people care about the planet in general. So, it's important to change how we see the planet to change bad or not good eating habits by doing spiritual things for better earth-friendly results. This paper talks about the author's thoughts on eating and how it connects to the planet, their bond with nature, and some spiritual steps to make eating more earth-friendly.

Environmental Worldview Analysis
Looking at how someone sees the world when it comes to the environment should be based on what they actually do and not just theory. This way of looking at it is more fair and real. So, for this look, I kept a record of what I ate for a week to use for this project. The list of what I ate helps me see my view of the planet as caring. This idea is supported by the fact that I don't make much trash after eating, which helps keep the planet safe from dirt and stops making too much food that we won't need in the future. Most days, I don't make any trash, and on other days, I don't throw away good food except for some fries. Also, caring for the planet by not using too much resources is part of the caring view. So, mixing homemade meals with ordering food sometimes helps manage how much food I eat.

To really understand how I see the environment based on what I eat, it's important to look at my thoughts from three main points: philosophy, religion, and ethics. In terms of thinking, my list of what I eat shows that I lean more towards thinking about material things. Looking at what I eat, most of the time, I eat alone, with some meals with my family sometimes. Also, ordering food from fast-food places to get food quick and easy without much effort is common for me. I don't spend a lot on food, which shows that my focus is more on things I can have now. When it comes to religion, my eating habits show that I connect with the idea that the world and God are one. By looking at what I eat and how I eat, I see that I don't separate the world from God. I don't really think about religious things when I eat, but I see eating as a way to connect my body with the world. In terms of ethics, I mostly think about human needs. I don't worry too much about where my food comes from or if it's made in a way that helps the earth. Instead, I go for food that's easy to get and fills me up quick. Also, I do other things while eating, like watching TV or using my phone, to make sure I feel good and get what I want.

Evaluation of the Relation to Nature
As shown by my eating habits, I'm not very close to nature and don't think much about it. In most of my meals, I don't know where the food comes from, how the ingredients were made, or what methods were used to make the food. I don't really think about these things when I choose what to eat every day. Most of what I know about the food I eat comes from the websites of the companies I order from. This info might not be true and doesn't show how my food choices affect nature. I'm more interested in having different kinds of food, but only from a few types of food. So, I don't really think about the effect of my eating habits on nature every day.

But, the idea of caring for the planet more makes me think about using nature's resources better when I eat. This means knowing what happens when food is made and how to make less harm by changing habits. This way of thinking can help move from only thinking about myself when eating to thinking about nature. So, choosing where to eat and what to eat should be about helping humans and not hurting the planet.

Spiritual Eating-Related Practices for Healthier Relationship with Nature
One thing I can do to connect more with nature through eating is to cook with my family more often. There's a lot of info online about cooking and eating healthy food that helps the planet (Choudhary et al., 2019). Taking time to cook with my family will help us connect, learn, and enjoy making good food ourselves. Also, I can teach my kids about eating in a way that helps the planet, so they can do the same in the future. When choosing recipes and ingredients, I'll think about how they affect nature and if they're good for my health. This way, I'll feel closer to nature and know more about what's in my food. Also, this practice can help me use up leftovers better. By cooking more and even having picnics outside, I can feel more connected to nature.

Another thing I can do is switch to a vegetarian diet to help the planet by not making more harm through meat production. Studies show that eating a lot of meat needs a lot of farming and hurting animals, which is bad for the planet (Nemeth et al., 2019, p. 4). Also, not eating meat can protect animals and make sure the soil and ecosystems stay safe.

Lastly, I can buy food from farmers who use good ways to make food. Choosing organic food will help the planet in the long run. I'll think carefully when picking what to eat to make sure it doesn't hurt nature. This way of choosing food can help with sustainable eating, support organic farming, and stop hurting nature in the future.

Conclusion
In short, this talk was about how I see the environment, how I connect with nature, and some spiritual steps to make eating better for the planet. Based on my list of what I eat, I mostly care for the planet. This way of thinking means I don't do much harm to nature. Making little trash, caring about where my food comes from, and eating homemade and ordered food all show that I care for the planet. But, my connection with nature is not strong, and I don't think much about helping the environment every day. To get closer to nature, I'll try things like cooking with my family, eating more plant-based foods, and buying from farmers who make food in good ways.