The new passage:
Emergence of new sick-making diseases like Ebola virus make health system busy and cause high death rates. This sickness is catchy and spreads when people and a bad thing talk (CDC, 2021). Ebola virus is in a family called filioviridae and breaks blood clots and makes immune system weak when someone catches it. Ebola was a bad illness that made many countries sick, like Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Sierra Leone, Gabon, and Italy (CDC, 2021). So, we talk about how Ebola makes people sick, causes problems in community, and how to fix it.

Look at Ebola Virus Disease
Ebola is a very bad sickness that shows signs like fever, body pains, runny tummy, and bleeding inside and outside. It spreads when you touch yucky fluids like spit, sweat, and blood. People found Ebola near Ebola River in DRC after eating African fruit bat, which had the virus (CDC, 2021). Because it's catchy, it went fast to other countries like England, Cote D’Ivoire, Senegal, Mali, and Nigeria. This tells us that Ebola was a big global sickness that made health system work hard.

Some reasons made Ebola spread. One was not ready for emergency and not knowing how to stay safe. When Ebola came to DRC, the country was not ready and didn't have good tools to stop sickness (CDC, 2021). People there used old ways to stop sickness, so finding sick people was hard. At first, in a hospital called Yambuku, nurses used same needles because they didn't have enough to stop sickness from spreading (CDC, 2021). Also, they didn't know how to treat and stop it.

Many people didn't know how sickness spreads and got sick because they didn't stay safe. Even when many died, they still ate wild meat and did ceremonies that made them sick (CDC, 2021). Doing things like washing and burying the dead made the virus spread more since they didn't wear safe clothes (CDC, 2021). But people didn't listen to new rules.

The way Ebola spread was from African fruit bat to people when they ate it. Dead sick animals also gave sickness when people touched their fluids, spit, and organs (CDC, 2021). People also got sick from touching sick people's blood, spit, and wet parts.

People got hurt a lot from this sickness since it made them poor, sad, and sick in mind. Many shops closed, and prices went up. Families couldn't buy food since they were very poor (CDC, 2021). This made them hunt more wild animals to eat, which made things worse. Also, people who got well after sickness were alone and treated bad since others thought they made sickness spread.

This bad idea made people sad since they were alone and others didn't like them. Also, many doctors and nurses got sick too, which made health system very tired and worried (CDC, 2021). After sickness, country took long time to get better. But, some things can help stop sickness like using a system that helps report diseases, teaching people about sickness, and telling them to stay safe (CDC, 2021). Also, people can wash hands, not eat wild meat, and stay away from sick people and places to stop sickness. The government can give good clothes to doctors to keep them safe when sickness happens. These things can help people know how to stay safe in a sickness time.