Electric cars is new in competition with the engine that has fire inside, not for a long time but people use them for more than 100 years. They like electric cars very much at the start of the 20th century but then they like other cars more when Ford made many cars quickly (Simpson 2021). Electric cars have some good things like not hurting the Earth, not costing much to fix, and having a very cool story of how they came to be.
Electric cars are not worse than normal cars and maybe even safer. They have parts like a big battery, an electric engine, a thing that changes speed, a charger inside, a thing that changes electric power, and a computer system. Electric cars work without a pedal that changes gears, so they go smoothly and go up hills easily (Magnusson 2017). These cars don't need oil or spark plugs like other cars do, so they don't cost a lot to keep. They also don't make a lot of noise, drive quietly, and don't make the air dirty. The engine doesn't use any energy when the car is not moving. Charging an electric car is easy with the charger at home. So, a simple and easy car like this can be found everywhere.
People who know about the weather say that using electric cars is one of the best ways to make less bad air. Electric cars work with a big battery and don't make bad air. Electric cars are getting better for the Earth, even though making the battery is not great for the air. Normal cars that use gas are not good for the weather, as they cost a lot in the long term and make bad air. Electric cars help make the air cleaner and keep people safe from bad air. Dr. Tranchik thinks that the bad air made when making electric cars will be fixed in six months, depending on how clean the power is where the car is charged.
People like gas cars more than electric cars because electric cars cost more at first. Also, you have to think about how long the battery will last and how much it costs. But, studies show that in the end, electric cars save money. A group from MIT counted all the costs of a car's life (like buying it, fixing it, and putting fuel in it) and saw that electric cars are cheaper for people (Penney 2021). Now, electric cars are safer, not too expensive, and big companies make a lot of them. The country that sells the most electric cars is Norway, and they want to stop selling gas cars by 2025. New Zealand is doing the same because they care about the Earth. Sharing this information will help people save money with cars.
Having more electric cars means building more places to charge them and making it easier for everyone to use them. Even though electric cars are seen more now, not every country uses them a lot. But, electric cars will be a good change from gas cars and help the Earth.