Horse flu is a disease that can make horses and other animals in the horse family very sick. The virus spreads quickly when horses who are not feeling good touch things like clothes, tools, and equipment. This sickness can cause big problems for horses even if they don't show signs of being sick. But, we can stop the virus from spreading by giving horses shots, taking care of sick horses, and doing other things to prevent it. This writing will talk about what happens when horses get sick, how the virus spreads, and ways to help sick horses and stop the sickness from spreading.
There are two kinds of flu viruses that horses get, called influenza A and influenza B. The virus has parts called hemagglutinin and neuraminidase, which help the virus attack cells. Sometimes the virus changes and gets new traits that our immune systems don't know how to fight.
Horse flu is a quick-spreading sickness that horses can get when they breathe in germs from other sick horses or dirty things like buckets and brushes. Coughing horses can spread the virus up to 150 feet and make other horses sick very fast. Horses can still spread the virus for up to 14 days even after they get better.
Some horses can have the virus but not show any signs of being sick. They might not get sick themselves, but they can still give the virus to other horses. It's hard to tell if a horse has the flu just by looking at them, so tests are needed to check for the virus early on. 
Horse flu is a serious sickness, but we can help stop it by giving horses shots and following guidelines from experts. People who work with horses can reduce the risk of sickness by following recommendations for horse care. Vaccines are important, but they might not stop the sickness completely. Having good practices in place to prevent the virus from spreading is also very important.
Horse flu can spread to both horses and humans. It is important to know the signs of the flu and watch out for them, especially during the winter. If you think a horse has the flu, it's best to get help from a vet and have tests done to check for the virus. By taking the right steps and learning more about the sickness, we can protect horses and keep them healthy.