Early starting and picture problems found by Stella Artois in UK market can be good examples of mix-up between sale price and ad campaign. Even though brand meant to be fancy expensive thing, mixing high alcohol amount with low cost made people think it's for everyone. While other famous brands lowered alcohol and raised prices, Stella Artois got a bad name for being low-quality. So, it's important to check out the market and rivals, see what buyers want, and think if differences in products could make people think unexpected things. 

Market growth plan is a good help for selling more beer. By knowing who buys and what the product is like, listening to advice for current stage can help make more sales and grow the brand. For example, knowing how people like to drink beer can help know the market and offer what they want. This way, we can avoid mistakes with wrong beer types and groups. Also, as more people start drinking beer, brand can change to fit them, make new groups, change how people drink, and push the market to grow. 

In my view, trouble with starting in Mexico could be because of Water.org campaign. Since it was in some countries but not Mexico, people might not have cared about it. Also, maybe the campaign didn't match what customers wanted, as they expected something serious instead of just promoting the product. Since making beer needs lots of water, showing water access through beer could make people dislike the brand. 

Bringing Stella Artois to South Africa had good points for the company. With water shortage in Cape Town, giving extra water to customers helped succeed. Also, with beer market growing, it was a good time to join it. But, the focus on Water.org in South Africa had a big problem, as using water issue for marketing was not what customers wanted at this early stage. 

In my opinion, it's important to change focus on water access and fix the conflict between water and beer promotion. Also, changing the approach could help the campaign in South Africa, by showing Stella Artois as a good drink for bars, not just an expensive brand. In the future, once people know the product better, we can expand the marketing.