Farcargo needs its computer stuff a lot for work. So, how the company's computer stuff is organized is very important. Farcargo uses a good system for its work so it can handle the many requests from its customers. The company likes this system because it can quickly help its customers and use cloud stuff to be faster and more flexible. This system makes it easy to give important services like traffic news and tracking things like trucks (Beynon-Davies, 2019). Farcargo's computer stuff includes machines, programs, connections, and places to save things in its system.
Farcargo makes sure to use new machines to avoid problems like things not working or the system stopping. The company uses machines like computers and tools in its buildings where workers can check how things are going. The computers need power, memory, wires, and boards to work right. Also, the computers have extra tools like mice, keyboards, speakers, printers, and cameras to put stuff in and take stuff out. The buildings also have switches, routers, main computers, and places to keep data which help the work. Farcargo's trucks have cameras and microphones for talking easily with the workers. Also, customers need to use their own computers, phones, or tablets to reach the company's computer system.
The company's programs include the apps and system to run things. Farcargo uses the Linux system to control its computer things. The system also has a good place to keep stuff which is safely saved in the cloud. Cloud storage helps companies deal with changes in machines, programs, or other things with confidence (Beynon-Davies, 2019). The programs also have web servers and tools to control what's there.
Farcargo's computer system should be easy for customers who don't know much about tech to use. The company also wants the system to be fast and quick to help many customers. The system is made to be very private and uses good security tools to stay safe. Other important things are being reliable, easy to reach, and able to change. Since most of its work is online, Farcargo wants the best computer system to work well.