When we talk about accounting, it means identifying, measuring, and sharing economic information so people can make smart choices. This info is about money matters and is shown in money terms. According to Learn Basic Accounting Easy (2014), accounting is a way to give financial facts about how money moves in businesses that aim to make a profit and in groups that don’t aim to make a profit. For example, bank people can check a company’s money records to see if it can pay back a loan. Possible investors might want to look at the money details of a few companies to see which one is the best to invest in. Also, business owners use this info to make budgets for their groups. 

Basic accounting rules can teach you the ‘language of business’ - which are ideas and words used a lot in the business world. If you know how to get accounting info ready, it helps you make big choices. Also, there are special ways to share this info: as said by AccountingWITT (2010), some who want to know about a business are people in the business, people outside the business, and the government. Even though all these people get the same info, you have to tell it to them in different ways. Business people use managerial accounting to tell inside folks, financial accounting for those outside, and tax accounting for the government. Knowing this makes you a better boss and helps you work with them.

Good info is key for making the right choices - and having this info is important. That’s why accounting is so vital - it gives you all the facts you need to make good business moves. It helps you see the money effects of different options and decide how to use resources wisely. Accountants can predict the future: they use their judgment to see the results of making or not making a move. Dunn (2011) says that accountants have a lot of power and a lot of responsibility: their errors can be more serious than errors made by other experts. A wrong move can make a business or a group fail, and fixing it can be hard.

Businesses can have many aims. For example, a restaurant owner may want to make the building look better. But every business’s main goals are making money and paying debts on time. Making money is bringing in income, while solvency is paying debts when they’re due. If a business can’t earn enough and pay debts on time, it won’t survive to reach its other aims (Learn Basic Accounting Easy, 2014). These ideas show up in the accounting equation, which shows the structure of a company’s money statements.

Money statements are papers that show how strong and profitable a company is. According to Dunn (2011), there are four main money statements. The income statement shows how profitable the company is. The statement of retained earnings tells how these earnings changed over a certain time (like a month or a year). The balance sheet gives info on the company’s financial state and solvency. Lastly, the statement of cash flows tells how money flows in and out of the company over a certain time.