Dances with Wolves, directed by Kevin Costner, was a movie from a book with the same name by Michael Blake. The story happens during the American Civil War when a brave man named John Dunbar goes to a fort and joins the Native American group. The crew of the director got help from history experts like Doris Leader Charge, who teaches Lakota language, but still, some people didn't like how the movie showed history. Dances with Wolves is seen as a big first work from a new director who showed Native Americans carefully and well in his project. 
The life of the Native Americans was shown quite well in the movie even though it's not real. People liked the movie because Costner didn't make the Native Americans look simple, but some small mistakes didn't change the main idea. Some people saw problems with how the Lakota language was used and how the Sioux tribe was shown with weapons. The mistakes in the movie were because it was hard to show the Lakota culture and also because Costner wanted to show the Native Americans in a certain way. Even with these problems, the director did a good job showing history, which helped to change the idea of a Native American being only a brave person in movies. 
Kevin Costner always liked Native American history, and when he was 35, he wanted to make a Western movie to show this. He wanted to change how people saw Native Americans and show them as normal people with feelings. His goal was to make people interested in the culture and life of Native Americans. 
The way Dances with Wolves was filmed was important in how people felt about the movie. The cinematographer used light and colors to change the mood of the scenes. In a scene where the main character is leaving the tribe, the mood is sad but the light is bright, showing hope for the future. The music in the movie was also important, with a simple melody and other music pieces that added to the emotions of the scenes. The way the movie was made made it special and easy to remember. 
I would give the movie 4 points for history and 4 points for entertainment. The history part helped people learn more about Native Americans, but some small mistakes made by the director stopped me from giving it 5 points. The movie was entertaining and liked by many people, but the length of the movie might not be good for everyone.