Environmental sustainability means using nature's resources wisely so they can grow back and not run out. People have been using nature's stuff a lot more lately. It's really important for everyone in the world to save resources for the future (Ostad-Ali et al.). This means making sure that businesses don't hurt the environment and using less carbon. The main goal is to make energy that is cheap, clean, and available for everyone. Carson talks about how bad pollution from factories is. Because of this, we need to find ways to help nature, like removing bad stuff from farming and collecting rainwater.

The weather has changed a lot and is causing problems for nature. Factories that make things are affecting the environment and changing the weather. This affects farming too; for example, in places with factories, farmers can't raise pigs anymore (Carson 123). Factories that make paper need trees, but cutting down trees is bad because they help reduce carbon dioxide in the air. Trying to plant more trees isn't working well, and animals are disappearing too (Carson 128). This leads to bad weather like heavy rain and drought.

Countries are growing fast to have more money. This creates jobs but also causes pollution. Factories throw waste into water, which harms sea animals. Chemicals in the oceans make them too acidic for animals. Future generations won't like how we are not taking care of nature (Carson 129). We need to find solutions to keep the economy strong and nature healthy.

One way to help nature is to see people as part of nature, not just using it. Farmers use nitrogen to grow crops, but using too much is bad for the environment (Oláh et al.). Sustainable farming means growing food in a way that doesn't hurt the environment. When farmers use nitrogen, some goes into water and causes global warming gas to be released. To reduce this gas, farmers need to use less nitrogen. But many farmers don't want to because they want more money.

Another example is the Rajasthan rainwater system. Farmers there collect rainwater to water their crops all year. They used to build small dams to collect water, but then started digging wells instead. This caused the water underground to go down and hurt the ecosystem. By going back to collecting rainwater, the ecosystem got better. Working with nature can help us take care of the environment for the future.

To sum up, working with nature is important to save it. The environment is getting worse because of businesses making money. The government and environmental groups need to make rules to protect nature and stop it from getting worse.