Improper management by Enron made big problems. It important to learn basic company management principles. They talk about three main things like planning, organizing, and controlling activities. Management planning is useful for the organization. But not all changes and decisions can be easy for employees. How well management works and how employees see it is important. Good relationships and diversity at work make more money. Communication and problems with different cultures can stop employees from doing well. This might mean people can't talk properly and need special ways to work together. Making a nice atmosphere at work is a good start. This means doing activities together and sharing work. 

Plan for Management
Using basic management ideas can help the company do better and be a leader in the market. It also helps employees be comfortable and decide things better, which makes them work harder. Bad things for management are not having skilled people, employees not liking changes, and the company not wanting to do better. Organizing things well and doing them in steps can stop bad things from happening.

Following ethics in management is very important for business. To understand this better, think about how people make choices. They will work to get more for themselves and the company while spending less. To check if this is happening, do surveys or look at important numbers over time.

Ending
Using basic management ideas can make a company do well. It can also help employees work better and make the company better than others. For example, being strict with rules or teaching about them can help. Another important idea is that one person should give tasks to an employee at a time. The employee should only show their work to that person. This helps avoid problems at work. But if this is done wrong, people might feel unhappy and not want to work. Other basic ideas can solve this problem fast and well. So, remember, management helps deal with work issues and stop bad things happening to the company.