Future Directions

After looking very closely at the company, we can see where it can go next. First, Automatic Data Processing makes computer programs for handling HR stuff in businesses. This includes getting help with managing employees through the ADP TotalSource cloud thing and paying them their salaries. In both parts, the company earns money from interest when they put their client's money in the bank. The company deals with paying employees of businesses they help, and until the employees get paid, Automatic Data Processing can use this money, which gives them 3.7% of their money. The latest report doesn't talk about how much they sell overseas (Bauer et al., 2019, p. 77). The report for the year 2019 showed that overseas sales made up 14.2% of the company's money, with the rest coming from the US. This suggests that the company needs to get more customers and investors.

It's important to know that Automatic Data Processing has really good tools to reach these goals. Since the company is all about HR, investors thought they would lose a lot of money during the second quarter because of the coronavirus when the economy mostly stayed inside. According to the yearly report, the company has around 810,000 customers, and none of them give more than 2% of their money (Bauer et al., 2019, p. 98). This is very important because it makes ADP stronger in negotiations: big customers like to ask for big discounts.

Another important thing for the company's growth is technology. Right now, it's a good time for companies to work from far away in our country. This affects Automatic Data Processing, and they need to pay a lot of attention to updating their technology. Technology doesn't just help improve what they already have but also lets them make new things (Wolters Kluwer Editorial Staf, 2021). But it's expensive and not very profitable to do it alone, so it's connected to the first goal. Lastly, companies should think about joining organizations together, like putting them in one big database. This way, the quality of the services won't get worse, but the costs of keeping up internet stuff will go down a lot.

Problems and Suggestions for the Future

Even though the company is doing well and growing, it's important to think about problems that might come up. We need to remember that even though the company doesn't say how much money they get from small businesses, it's probably a lot. Out of the 810,000 customers, 640,000 are small businesses, 70,000 are medium or large, and 500 are big companies (Allman-Ward & Allman-Ward, 2018, p. 64). Another 65,000 are companies outside the US, which are probably pretty big. In general, Automatic Data Processing makes most of its money from small businesses. According to a study by the American National Federation of Independent Businesses (NFIB), American business owners need help. 22% of them are thinking of firing workers once the money from the government stops. This will make ADP earn less, which will slow down their tech growth.

One problem could be if more businesses close forever. This will depend on what the US lawmakers decide. In the long run, they have shown they want to help small and medium businesses, but the talk might take a long time, especially with the politics getting more heated in the US. If the help comes late or isn't enough, many businesses could go bankrupt. Automatic Data Processing pays $3.64 per share every year (Bauer et al., 2019, p. 74). With each share costing $133, that's a 2.7% every year, which is not bad, but the money paid out is 94.1% of what the company earns (Allman-Ward & Allman-Ward, 2018, p. 103). The latest report says that Automatic Data Processing has a lot of debts: $33.413 billion, while they only have $4.368 billion (Allman-Ward & Allman-Ward, 2018, p. 111). If ADP decides to stop paying dividends, the stock will drop even lower and take a long time to go back up. But the company isn't in the worst shape, and the predictions of a 3-4% drop in money and 14% in profit are already part of the stock price (Allman-Ward & Allman-Ward, 2018, p. 117). If there's another quarantine like in the spring, it will hurt Automatic Data Processing's business and make their stock prices go down. If they stop paying dividends, the stocks will fall even more, and it will take longer for them to go up. For investors, who give the company a lot of money, this is a sign that it's good to invest in the company.

Companies need to put most of their money into technology. That's what makes them better than others. They need to get better at this, even though it's expensive and not very profitable without investors. If the bosses ignore this, the company could lose to others catching up quickly.