The lady is 32 years old. She has not had her period for more than three weeks and goes to a place where people get browner skin every week. She does not eat something called folic acid because she is not worried about having a baby. The doctor suggests a test to check the lady's blood to find any problems that could make the baby's growth slow or cause problems in thinking (Wojcik et al., 2020). The doctor also gives a plan that includes taking 600 mg of folic acid every day and learning about the chance of getting skin cancer.

The plan is not very serious, it is about taking some good stuff and learning about the risks of being too brown and getting skin cancer from the sun. The rays from machines that make skin brown can make the baby smaller because of something called nitric oxide and can make the mother unwell (UVA makes blood pressure lower and challenges the immune system (Botyar & Khoramroudi, 2018). The lady should think about how cancer happens and being pregnant and take folic acid to avoid problems with the baby's body.

When having a baby, it is important to give the baby the right vitamins and not let bad things happen. Folic acid is a common good thing to take when having a baby to make new cells and stop bad things from happening. Not having enough of this good stuff can lead to more babies being born with problems in the spine or brain like Down syndrome or spina bifida (Brown & Wright, 2020). In this case, not taking the good stuff can cause these problems.

The test to check the lady's blood is needed to find any problems in the baby. There are risks of spine problems because the lady did not take folic acid at the start of being pregnant. So, the doctor has to check if there are gene problems and guess if the baby will have bad things because of not having enough folic acid.

The lady is worried about having a baby, so she might be in the first part of being pregnant. During this time, the baby's body starts to form important parts like the spine, arms, legs, head, and heart. The next parts of being pregnant are not as serious, but still can have some problems. Some things like alcohol, smoking, and taking too much medicine can be bad for the baby. The lady should take folic acid to help the baby's spine and stop bad things from happening.

The sun has rays that can go deep into the skin and hurt the genes. Some rays make the skin wrinkle and weaken the immune system, and other rays make it easier to get skin cancers like melanoma and carcinoma (Botyar & Khoramroudi, 2018). This kind of radiation can hurt the genes and make changes that are not seen for a long time.

The lady needs to know the risk of getting skin cancer from the sun's rays. When the skin changes color, it means the skin and genes are being hurt. The lady needs to take care not just of herself but also of the baby she might have in the future, and the advice is to not go to places that make the skin brown too much. Talking to a skin doctor can help with cancer problems, and folic acid can help the baby grow well.

Tools to help patients are important for safety and good services. For pregnant ladies, simple things like catheters, needles, syringes, and machines that help with breathing can help nurses take care of patients. Also, the lady needs to know she has a big role to play, and sending messages or using social media can be good for talking about pregnancy (Kuwabara et al., 2019). It is important to talk about different things related to having a baby.

In the end, the lady is worried about having a baby and does not do things to keep the baby safe and make a good place for it. Going to places where the skin gets brown is not a good idea because it can cause problems like skin cancer. Taking folic acid every day is important for helping the baby grow well and stay healthy. Talking and learning from doctors is very important for this lady.