Argument
Private companies control the transport in the US for a long time. They also manage moving people, but the government helps a bit with that. The government uses money, tools, and taxes to keep people safe when they travel. But it's hard for the government to make changes in the freight transport because some people don't like it. In a book by Konings et al. (2008), they say the US government should lead the way in making new things for transport. This seems right when we look back at how well the government-supported idea worked in the past.

Why the US Government Should Help Make New Things for Transport
I think the government should help with new transport things. The government brings good things to transport and fixes problems from the free market. The free market causes issues with different ways of moving things, like on roads or trains. Private transport systems are not the same because they don't have one main plan to control everything. Transport is very important for Americans, so when things go wrong, it's bad for everyone. To make things better, the US government should help make new ideas and make sure everything works well together.

I also agree that the government should help because it can share information better. Transport needs many people and parts, so it needs a lot of talking (Kine, Gebresenbet, Tavasszy, & Ljungberg, 2022). The government can talk to everyone, so it should be in charge. In systems like this, the government does better than private companies. The government has 13 roles in controlling systems like this: Watching, fixing, using chances, helping, leading, engaging with society, promoting, moderating, deciding who goes in, starting things, and checking (Borrás & Edler, 2020). If these roles are used in transport, it will save time and make things easier.

The US government has smart tools and is better at watching than normal people. It can also fix things when there are problems in transport. The government can help make new things in the system because it has more money to spend. The government is also better than private companies at promoting, helping, and starting new transport projects. With security people on its side, no one can do transport rules better than the government.

Reasons
The US Defense Department (DOD) used to be the best in technology, but not anymore. Even though it gets the most money in the world, it's not as good. This is because it works with other companies to get new things. But the nuclear power industry, which is mainly run by the government, keeps doing well. The government's way of running things helps a lot (Borrás & Edler, 2020). It leads the way in a tough field and makes good choices. To make transport better, we need good connections between different transport networks (Przybylska & Dohn, 2019). Only the government can do this because private companies only care about money, like what happened with the DOD.