The video on YouTube by GP Synergy talks about "GP Training in Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Services," showing how important Aboriginal Medical Services are in the diverse community. These services are necessary for giving good care that respects the culture and is of good quality to groups of people who are often left out or not helped enough, making sure they have what they need to handle health problems that are getting worse. The many services that the medical centers offer make sure that people from the Aboriginal community can get health care that is cheap and easy to reach. One service can help in many parts of clients’ lives.

The way they care for people from different cultures is extra important when looking at the things that affect health (SHOD), which cover a lot of areas like health, happiness, and how good life is for a whole group of people. These things include safe places to live, neighborhoods, easy ways to get around, unfair treatment because of race and violence, education, money, work chances, getting good food, air and water that are not good, and being able to read and write (Healthy People 2030, 2020). So, the Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Services want to help with the health problems and unfairness that most Aboriginal patients face (Pearson et al., 2020). The experts who work in these health services for the Aboriginal community talk about how important it is to teach patients so they know about their health problems and how to stop them early.

In the video "GP Training in Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Services," the big problem they talk about is being treated unfairly. The people who work at the health center say that many of their patients have been treated badly in the healthcare system and want care that respects their culture (Kim, 2019). It is hard to give this kind of care because healthcare workers are not sure what each patient will want and must be ready to give care that respects their culture (Jongen, McCalman, and Bainbridge, 2018). It is important to keep giving care even when patients feel like they are being treated unfairly or not understood, or they might not come back for more treatment or to check on their main health problems.

Even if it is hard for healthcare providers to give care that respects different cultures and to deal with the problem of being treated unfairly, it is also very good. The patients who have been treated badly just want to feel like they are accepted, understood, and cared for. That is why the workers at the Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Services always try to build good relationships with their patients (Luft, 2017). Also, the experts say they are like supporters who help their patients with healthcare and making sure they are accepted in their community and in society as a whole.

So, the job of the experts at the Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Services is about working together with patients who do not feel like they are getting enough help or are not understood. To finish, dealing with the things that affect health in the Aboriginal community is hard work that needs focus and care about the different needs of patients who come to get care that respects their culture. It will take time because healthcare providers need to be ready and know a lot about the things that affect the health of their patients.