Various cultures may do different things with medicine. Some cultures don't like modern medicine and prefer old ways that they have used for a long time. In Ghana, modern medicine is seen as too costly compared to traditional methods. People there are not sure if modern medicine works well and they don't know much about staying healthy, so they don't want to try it (Gyasi et al., 2016). This shows how beliefs about health can cause problems. But, different groups can have beliefs about health that can be good or bad for health, or not bad at all.
Looking at how medicine is given, we can see some effects of beliefs about health. In some places, only doctors or traditional healers are allowed to give medicine when someone shows certain signs of being sick. In modern medicine, only trained people with good knowledge and ethics should give medicine, like following Hippocrates's rules. On the other hand, some places only use cultural ways to give medicine. They might use treatments based on body balance like too much "hot" or "cold" (Taek et al., 2019). So, if someone has a "cold" problem, they might get "hot" medicine to fix it, and vice versa. This shows how beliefs about health can lead to different ways of giving medicine.
Beliefs about health can cause problems like taking too much or too little medicine. Taking too much can happen when someone uses drugs based on their own experiences, not what doctors say. For example, when the COVID-19 vaccine came out, some people took too many doses without doctor advice, which can be dangerous. On the other hand, some people might think western medicine is not good and take less medicine than needed, which can make them stay sick longer.
One issue is that some people don't follow their treatment plans for chronic illnesses. This can be because they don't understand well or have other problems like low self-esteem, not knowing enough, or not being motivated (Shahin et al., 2019). Health professionals find it hard to help patients who struggle with this. One way to improve this is to educate patients, like having regular talks with professionals by phone that are personalized and happen often (Kini & Ho, 2018). Another way is to manage how patients take their medicine, like using combination pills so they have to take fewer pills each day (Kini & Ho, 2018). But, it's important to remember that how well patients stick to their treatment plans depends on how easy it is to follow and how well the health system works.