Environmental Factor

Parents have big job to keep baby safe. Baby is very little and cannot protect self from bad things in environment. Bad things like dirty air and water, too much sun, or dust and chemicals. This work looks at bad things in environment that can hurt baby under one year old and how to keep baby safe and healthy.

In 2012, almost two million babies under five years old died because of environment (“Children’s environmental health,” n.d.). Babies got sick from breathing problems, malaria, and getting hurt. The worst part is if baby gets sick, it can affect how baby grows up and becomes a teenager.

The main bad thing in environment is dirty air and water. Dirty air and water make people sick and sometimes die. Bad things like dirty air, not enough clean water, and dangerous chemicals and trash make everything dirty. Bad things like infections, stomach problems, brain damage, blood problems, and jaundice can happen because of dirty air (“Air Pollution,” n.d., para. 2). Dirty air can hurt baby even before born because it can make pregnant mother sick. Besides chemicals, there can be dirty dust and dirt in air that can go into baby’s body when breathing.

Dirty water or no clean water for baby and family can be very bad. This is a big problem in countries where people cannot get enough water. Babies should only drink water if doctor says it's okay in first few months. But water is important for baby's body and must be safe. Getting sick from dirty water can start with small things like allergies and can become worse diseases.

Another bad thing for baby is dangerous chemicals and trash. When babies start moving around, they touch and taste things to learn. They can find bad things like spilled chemicals on street. This can make baby sick or burn skin. Trash can also be dangerous and hurt baby’s health and growth.

Health Plan

This part of work gives a plan to help caregivers know how to keep baby safe from bad things in environment.

1. Watch what baby does at home and outside.
2. Clean water before using with special filters. Or buy bottled water for baby.
3. Stay away from places with too much dirty air and water, like factories.

To keep air clean, make sure there are no bad gases, dust, or smells. Always have fresh air in the room and keep it not too wet to stop mold that can hurt baby. Babies breathe faster and have more lung area compared to body weight, so they get sick easily from bad air.

1. Keep clean, even outside.
2. Wash fruits and vegetables well before giving them to baby to avoid getting sick from bad things.
3. Stay away from smoke from cigarettes and burning things.

Ask doctor what to do in emergencies and how to keep baby safe and healthy.

This work talks about danger for babies and how they can suddenly die when they are very little. Many things can hurt babies like body being weak, bad things in environment, and stress, like sleeping on stomach or soft bed, when baby is growing up (Carlin & Moon, 2017). It gives tips for taking care of babies, like good sleep, good bed, no smoke, no sharing bed, and vaccines.

This work also gives tips for when air is dirty. This is a big problem for society, especially for kids. More babies breathe dirty air because of cities and factories. To stop bad effects of dirty air on babies, caregivers should let fresh air in and keep baby away from dirty air. This work helps people see how health changes when they make changes in environment.

One problem from bad things in environment is babies growing up slowly, which can be very bad when they are adults. Babies can get sick more and grow slower in first years of life. The authors say “climate change will make more babies grow slowly because of not enough food” (2018, p. 551). This work gives tips about risks for babies growing slowly. If there is a risk, caregivers should do things to make babies healthier, like better food and better room conditions.