Healthcare places and their workers make sure to get ready for emergencies and respond to bad events like disasters, attacks, and sickness outbreaks. According to McNeill et al. (2018), being prepared for health emergencies means that the public health system and community can stop and deal with healthcare emergencies. When there is good preparation, healthcare workers are more ready to manage health emergencies when they happen. Even though people know about getting ready early and things like not having enough stuff, living far away, and not having much access to healthcare, healthcare and being ready for emergencies in rural areas are still not so good.

How I Helped People's Health in Rural Areas
I helped people's health in rural areas during the pandemic by going from house to house to check people and teach them about the COVID-19 virus. The main thing was to clear up wrong ideas and bad information about what causes the virus, how it spreads, and why it's good to get vaccinated. Checking people at their homes and teaching them was important in showing that they should get the vaccine tested. On the first day, we checked 200 people in two villages during the event, and only 3% said no to being checked.

During our health team's checks, we found an old person who couldn't breathe well, so we took them quickly to the emergency room. When we got there, we checked how bad the person was and then signed them in at the emergency room. I pressed down on the middle of their chest about two inches to help them stay alive, with my shoulders right over my hands and my arms straight.

Our health team gave mental health services to people by making more telehealth services. These services included talking to psychiatrists through videos for people in rural areas. For example, video psychiatry helped talk to people and keep an eye on them in real-time through tech. As per Butkus et al. (2020), video psychiatry helps people during the pandemic at a good price. This work was important in mixing mental health care and basic care to stop the virus from spreading.

How Social Factors Affected a Sickness for a Person I Helped
Things like being poor, not knowing much, and not having good access to healthcare make it hard for sick people to get better. One social thing that affected a sick person I helped during my training was being poor. As per Khan et al. (2018), people in rural areas earn very little and are very poor, so they can't get care easily. This showed up when I was checking people's health in a big test to stop the virus from spreading. I found out that the sick person didn't have much money to go to healthcare places often for tests. So, the person didn't get checked for problems early and only went when things got really bad.

People in rural areas often don't have much education and can't read well. According to McNeill et al. (2018), not reading well means they might not get the care they need and might have to go to the hospital a lot. While helping the community during the pandemic, I saw that the sick person didn't follow rules like washing their hands, wearing masks, and staying away from others to stop the virus from spreading. Not knowing much meant they had to go to the hospital more.

Many people in rural areas don't have health insurance, which makes it hard to get care. The sick person I helped during my training didn't have insurance and couldn't get tests for sicknesses like heart problems, cancer, and long-lasting illnesses. Not having insurance also meant the sick person didn't go to get help when they needed it because it cost too much. Having little insurance for people in rural areas means they can't get the care they need and don't get better easily.

A Place to Get Help for the Community Later
A good place to get help for the rural community later on is the guide to Rural Health Care Collaboration and Coordination (HRSA). This place helps community health centers, rural hospitals, local healthcare departments, and others work together to find out what the community needs (Kearly et al., 2020). HRSA wants to make getting healthcare easier by working together to give good care. This place will help rural communities get better care by making sure care is given well and organized.

The Biggest Worries about the Rural Community During Natural Disasters
The biggest worry about rural communities is how they can get healthcare during floods and other natural disasters. Floods change how much healthcare is needed a lot. When floods happen, people in rural areas can't get to healthcare easily because roads and phones are broken. Floods also mean more diseases can spread because water and food get dirty. Rural communities have a hard time getting healthcare during floods.

In the end, rural communities' health, healthcare, and emergency readiness are affected by things like not working together well, not having enough money, and being far from help. A lot of things like the environment, money, and education decide how healthy rural communities are. People and rules to help rural communities get ready for healthcare and emergencies should focus on the main things that affect healthcare to help people be ready for problems.