Historical Background
A big place, almost 653 thousand square meters, in Southwest Asia, was historically part of Afghanistan. Afghanistan does not have sea or ocean access and is next to other states on all sides. So, on the west, Afghanistan is near Iran and Turkmenistan; on the north side, it touches Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. On the southeast, Afghanistan is fully next to Pakistan from the Gulf of Oman. It is important to note that the whole place of the state is in the Iranian highlands, so most of it is mountains and hills (Allchin, 2021). The Hindu Kush mountains are the main there, and they go from east to west of the country, with hills that are up to 7708 meters high. But, there are also some flat areas. In the north of the country, close to Tajikistan, there is the Bactrian Plain, which has a special area that is like an extension of the clay-sandy Karakum desert. There are also mountain holes and valleys along other borders of the country, which have important clay and sand for the people.

The weather there depends a lot on the geography, and you can see this in the plants in Afghanistan. So, the weather is usually hot and dry in the summer, but it hardly gets very cold in winter. In summer, the temperature in Afghanistan can go up to 122 ℉, while in January, it usually does not go below freezing (Allchin, 2021). Winters on the east side of Afghanistan are mostly cold, but closer to the north and south, it is usually warmer. Most of the rain happens in winter and spring. Also, all the rivers and lakes in Afghanistan are brainless. This means there is no underground water system, and water mainly disappears from the surface. Because of the mix of weather and geography, the plants in Afghanistan are mostly dry. The desert views in the country, mixed with mountains, give the country a lot of herb plants, like cereals, beans, and other flowering plants.

Afghanistan is very old and has a lot of history. Old discoveries show that Afghanistan is more than five thousand years old, and some even say people lived there in the late Paleolithic time (Allchin, 2021). Because of this long history, there are many different kinds of people in Afghanistan. The biggest groups are Pashtuns (42%), Tajiks (28%), Hazaras (10%), Uzbeks (8%), Charaimaks (2.6%), Turkmen (2%), and other smaller groups, like Arabs, Mongols, and Kazakhs (AFP, 2021). There are many languages spoken in Afghanistan because of all these different groups, but most people can speak Afghan and Persian, which are similar languages. In 2021, Afghanistan had 40 million people before the August events (WPR, 2021). This mix of people is shown in the culture and religion.

For example, most people in Afghanistan are Sunni Muslims. Among these followers, there is a mix of strictness, fighting, and kindness. Women usually have traditional roles as mothers and wives (Onsutti, 2019). In a way, Islam in Afghanistan helps different groups come together and solve problems. Other religions are not common or liked in Afghanistan: if someone changes to Christianity, they can be killed, and Hinduism and Protestantism are not accepted.

Groups in Afghanistan
Afghanistan's politics have to do with the U.S. and Russia, fighting, and terrorism. It might seem like all terrorists live in Afghanistan, but that is not true. Right now, the main groups fighting for power in Afghanistan are the Taliban, ISIS, al-Qaeda, and the Northern Resistance, but this last one has gotten weaker since the U.S. left Afghanistan (Wolf, 2021). Before August 15, 2021, Afghanistan had a president and a constitution, but after that, the Taliban took over. Even though there was a civil war, Afghanistan was trying to be less extreme and give people more rights.

When the Taliban took over, many good changes from the past years were stopped, especially for women and minorities. The Taliban wants to bring back strict Islam and have strong ties to clans and Islam's five rules. The Taliban has big political goals, and they need to make hard choices to get power. ISIS might seem like a friend to the Taliban, but they are not really friends. Some things are similar, but they are enemies. ISIS started in Pakistan in 2014 and later came to Afghanistan as Wilayat Khorasan (Paybarah, 2021). ISIS got stronger with help from Pakistanis living in Afghanistan, and the U.S. helped get rid of them. In August 26, 2021, ISIS did a bad thing at the Kabul airport, and the Taliban punished them.

Al-Qaida is another terrorist group in Afghanistan, but they want different things from the Taliban. Al-Qaida started with Bin Laden and is very strict and radical. They want to spread Islam and make a big Islamic country. The Northern Alliance was made after the Taliban beat some Afghans in 1996, and they want to stop the Taliban. Some say they get help from the U.S., but it is not clear. After 9/11, the Northern Alliance got weaker and disappeared when the Taliban left power (Wolf, 2021). But, some people still hope the Northern Alliance will come back and fight the Taliban.