Olivier Armantier and others wrote a paper about how problems with money affect what people think about prices during the COVID-19 sickness. The paper got put in a book called the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization on July 24, 2021. The company Elsevier worked with the Copyright Center RightsLink to give choices for using this information. Elsevier lets people see the information openly or with limits, and each part has a special way to find it with links and quotes. This paper is on its own and talks about how the money situation was during COVID-19.

In the paper, the writers look at how people's thoughts about prices changed in the first six months of COVID-19. Although this paper is by itself, Armantier and others (2021) worked with other research about money changes during COVID-19 troubles. One thing in the paper is the study the writers did about what happens during money problems and how it's different from before to see how bad the problem is. The main goal of the study is to look at many different money results.

After studying, the writers found out that people's thoughts about prices didn't change a lot. This means that even though most people didn't worry too much about prices going up, some people had very different thoughts, especially in the short time (Bekaert et al., 2020). A lot of people, especially those who went to school more, first thought that the sickness might make prices go down or stay low (Armantier et al., 2021). So, the writers did what they wanted and showed their results with many pictures and lists in the paper.

I enjoyed reading what Armantier and others (2021) wrote because they talk about different problems that happened without being typical and how people reacted. Also, by comparing with old problems, Armantier and others (2021) figured out how the problem spread because people made wrong guesses about prices to other parts of money (Armantier et al., 2021). For example, the Great Recession mostly happened because people didn't want to buy stuff when house and stock prices were going down. I also liked how the writers found proof that people saw prices in very opposite ways and saw differences between different groups of people.