Despite many people saying focus on customer happiness or make work better, lots of American business bosses are still very interested in how much money their companies make. Money-making is how people know if a company is doing well or not. If a company stops making money, it might have to stop working. Some companies don't have enough money to make the most of chances to sell more things. Others don't have chances that match what they can afford. Money and chances to sell things decide how quickly a company grows.

To know how fast a company should grow, a boss needs to look at how "inflation, cost of money, making money, growing, and how much a company is worth" are linked (Fruhan, 2014, para. 4). Making money for a company depends on two things: how much money is expected back on the shares (ROE) and how much money it costs to get that money. If the money coming back is more than the cost to get it, more growing will help the business do better.

But if the money coming back is not going to be more than the cost to get it, then the company should think about not growing much. Not making enough money and just keeping up with inflation can be really bad for the company's worth (Fruhan, 2014). Companies in this situation should think about slowing how much they grow if they can't make more money.

To keep growing right, a company must make as much money as expected from inflation and even more. For example, if prices are going up by 10%, the company has to not only make enough money to beat the price rise but try to get even more. From 1965 to 1981, the price rise went up a lot each year (Fruhan, 2014). So, even though Treasury bonds make about 11%, the long-term expectation is a 10% rise (Fruhan, 2014). This means companies need to grow fast enough to keep the cost of shares at 19–20%.

So, a company should grow as fast as the price rise and other signs show. This way, to still be good for people who put money in, a company must watch the long-term price rise. While Treasury bonds are set to make 10% each year, companies need to give an extra 9–10%, which is 19–20% growth in total. If a company can't do what investors want and do better than the price rise, it will fail. Also, a company needs to check its shares' money back and the cost of getting more money. If the first is more than the second, a company can grow a lot. But if a business doesn't watch these things and grows faster than it can handle, it can hurt its money health a lot.