United States has a history of not being nice to African Americans. Even after President Abraham Lincoln stopped making them slaves and won the American Civil War in 1965, people still didn't like black people in America (Jaffa 260). The American mind keeps having unfair thoughts about black people, and this affects how things are organized, how people socialize, how individuals think, and how they treat each other. The recent big protests against police being violent have changed how people talk about racism in America. The killings of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Rashard Brooks, and Breonna Taylor have made people want the enforcement and justice system to change (Clark et al. 150). Many Black parents and groups led by Black people have been asking for these changes in communities all over the country for a long time. This essay looks at some things parents of color can do to stop racial discrimination and violence in America.

Supporting Fairness in Systems
In America, being unfair is a big problem in money, organizations, and social places. This unfair system makes it hard for Black people to do well and makes it easy for white people to have good jobs, good schools, good homes, and unfair things in the criminal system. To start fixing things and getting real fairness, minority groups need to face not only recent wrong things but also old hurts from when the country started.
Since the country began, keeping different groups separate has been a big part of how America does schools, healthcare, owning things, jobs, and almost everything else in society. Elizabeth tells Black kids in her stories about how racism has been bad in America's history:
These stories teach Black kids about being treated badly and how they are in danger. The stories show them how bad things can be. These stories make kids angry. The stories teach kids that racism and cruelty to Black people are always close by. They see these bad things many times up close and on their phones. (Elizabeth 307)
For example, parents of color have shown that they can stop unfair racism in schools. In Brooklyn, New York, parents from different backgrounds worked together to end special classes that only some students were allowed to take (Smalls 362). Supporters should also push for things that give all kids the same chance to learn the hard and advanced stuff in schools in their states and local areas.

Being Part of Movements against Racist Violence
Black Lives Matter cares more about human rights than about laws. BLM wants to change society so that Black people are not treated unfairly on purpose. The changes from this movement have made a big difference in local and national levels since 2013, like making bad judges leave their jobs (Clark et al. 150). In her book, The Trayvon Generation, Elizabeth describes the violence against George Floyd like this:
I can't breathe again. A knee pushed hard on his neck for eight minutes and forty-six seconds. "I can't breathe," then "Mom!" George Floyd cried. "Mom… I can't take it!" George Floyd cried out. His mom had died two years earlier when he called for her during his killing. (Elizabeth 307)
In Chicago, groups like BYP100 and Assata’s Daughters made Anita Alvarez lose her job. She decided not to charge police officers involved in 68 shootings, which surprised many people (Clark et al. 152). The BLM protests against police wrong actions led to the government finding out about police doing wrong things in Baltimore, Chicago, Ferguson, and Cleveland. The movement has had a big impact on society as a whole.

Speaking Against Unfairness and Helping Other Black Parents
Unfairness is everywhere in money, schools, and business. It affects every part of how people interact, hurting black people. For example, Black people are not often seen in leadership roles in businesses, find it hard to get good homes, are in the criminal system a lot, and get different medical care than white people (Cain 156). Unfairness and inequality show up in many ways, from being left out on purpose to having secret rules.
In the past, there were rules in the United States that made people pay or read to vote. This made it hard for people in poor areas to vote. So, parents of color can help Black, indigenous, and people-of-color (BIPOC) come together to share stories and think of ways to fight racism (Ali et al. 3). For example, Darnella, who recorded George Floyd's murder, might have been very upset by what happened. Groups like BICOP could help her feel better after what she saw (Elizabeth 310). Elizabeth explains how hard and hurtful it was for Darnella in her story like this:
Darnella Frazier, a 17-year-old girl from Minneapolis who saw George Floyd being killed on May 25th while she was going to the store, recorded it on her phone and put it on Facebook at 1:46 a.m. with the words "They killed him right in front of cup foods on 38th and Chicago!!" (Elizabeth 310)
By giving leadership chances to other Black community members, they can help them get better opportunities and move forward fairly.

Ending
In conclusion, hidden unfair thoughts in the United States have been around a long time and now affect how businesses work, how groups are set up, how individuals think, and how people talk to each other. The big protests against police violence have started a big change in how people talk about racial problems in America. The killings of George Floyd, Ahmaud Arbery, Rayshard Brooks, and Breonna Taylor, among others, have made people demand big changes in police and law systems.

Parents of color have stopped racial unfairness in schools by fighting against discrimination and hate. For example, in Brooklyn, New York, parents from different backgrounds worked together to end special classes favoring some students. By working with movements like BLM, they have pushed for a big change in society where Black people are not treated unfairly on purpose. For example, groups like BYP100 and Assata’s Daughters in Chicago made a person lose her job because she didn't charge police involved in many shootings. The efforts of Black parents have made a clear impact on how things are done and cannot be ignored.