Purpose: The aim of this small paper is to show that when nurses work with patients through video calls in a doctor's office, it will help patients get better.

1. Question: In a doctor's office, will it help patients if nurses use video calls to talk to them?
2. Story: Because more people want to see a doctor from home, we need to figure out how to make it work. Nurses should be more involved in talking to patients through video calls.
3. Goal: This study is about how nurses can help patients better through video calls by using the best methods.
4. Finding Sources: We looked for information in some big databases like CINAHL Plus and Pubmed. We searched for words like “nurse and video call,” and “nurse role in video calls.” We only used articles in English and that were checked by other experts. Most of the articles we used were from the last 5 to 10 years.
5. Main Points from Research:
   1. One study in 2020 found that nurses who are good listeners and can understand patients' feelings make video calls better. But some problems like noise, bad communication, and long wait times can make it hard to talk well.
   2. Another study in 2019 said that video calls are more than just a simple call. They are a good way for nurses to help patients with their health.
   3. A study in 2021 said that many people want to use video calls for medical help, but there are problems like not having internet or not knowing how to use the technology.
   4. A study in 2021 looked at how patients feel about video calls during the pandemic. It found that most patients like it because it's easy, but it works best if they already know the nurse.
   5. In 2020, a study on arthritis patients found that teaching them about their medicine through video calls helps them take their medicine better and control their symptoms.
   6. A study in 2018 showed that video calls can also be used to check on patients after surgery to see if they are getting better.
   7. A study in 2020 said that patients are happy with video calls during the pandemic because it helps them get care quickly and without mistakes.
6. Expert Opinions:
   1. A report from 2011 showed that nurses working with other advanced nurses gave better care to patients in the health system.
   2. A study in 2020 said that nurses are important in using video calls to fight the pandemic. Good communication with patients is key.
   3. A paper from 2012 talked about how advanced nurses play a big role in healthcare by educating patients and raising awareness.
   4. A study in 2017 proved that including advanced nurses in emergency care helps patients get better care and leave the hospital sooner.