The brain and understanding of oneself are difficult for scientists. Many studies help them learn about different things, especially about knowing yourself. A show called “Human Consciousness” (2014) from BBC shows viewers different tests that scientists do to learn about how the brain works. One important test in the show is the mirror test, and new studies say that it is affected a lot by society and culture.

Even though the mirror test is simple and doesn’t need a lot of things, it helps scientists see if people can recognize themselves. The test wants to see if a child knows it's them. The test has three parts that must be done correctly. First, the child looks at themselves in a mirror for a few minutes. Then, the child's parent puts a mark on the child's face near their mouth. After that, the child looks in the mirror again. If the child touches the mark, it means they know it's them in the mirror. The show said that kids only start to understand this after they are 18 months old.

Also, new studies say that where a child grows up affects if they can pass the mirror test. A study by Cebioğlu & Broesch (2021) looked at this in different places. They wanted to see if kids from different cultures pass the test differently. They also checked if things like wanting to show the mark affected the test. They got 57 babies from different places, like rural Vanuatu, a group of islands in the South Pacific, and urban Canada. They did the mirror test on the babies.

The results of the study showed that culture has a big effect on if kids pass the test. 68% of Canadian kids passed, but only 7% of Vanuatu kids did. This means where a child grows up can say if they know themselves. Also, the kids' motivation to show the mark didn’t change the results. The only thing that mattered was if the child could recognize themselves.

The mirror test seen in the “Human Consciousness” show helps scientists learn about self-awareness. Kids under 18 months old usually can’t pass the test. The study by Cebioğlu & Broesch tells us that culture is important when looking at how kids see themselves.