I think people make friends based on how good or bad the things they get. A person thinks about the good and bad of doing something and picks the best thing to do. Money, love, power, and what people think are examples of good and bad things (Cox et al., 2021). Since people make friends for good things, everyone wants more good things from a friendship. People are not born nice or mean; they become like that because of what they need. People work for food and a place to stay (Cox et al., 2021). Others do things because of their feelings, culture, society, or money. So, people are not born bad or good but do things because of their body, society, and money. People who act fast and can change use their skills to do their best. They can also be their best by being happy about things and facing problems (Cox et al., 2021). Problems like feeling alone, not having much, and feeling scared change how people get along. Society needs to be fair, work together, and respect other cultures and groups to have control and have good friendships.
Governments need to make sure people are safe and have what they need. To make sure money is okay, the government in a socialist way makes sure everyone gets the same amount of money (Cox et al., 2021). They also give free school, money when you stop working, help money, and healthcare in some cases, like for moms. Besides that, governments give and keep things like roads and safety. A government's job is to protect people from fights inside and outside (Cox et al., 2021). They protect people from money, social, and political fights with rules and laws. I believe governments should help people who need it, like women, old people, and young people, by giving free things, jobs, and help to make money, especially for young people.
The current government made many plans to help people in the whole country. For example, the education for everyone plan helped lots of people no matter how old, what gender, or race. But rich people and areas benefit more than poor and regular Americans. Some problems include the health and safety of regular people. The government spends a lot on safety, but many neighborhoods are scared because of violence (Cox et al., 2021). I think the capitalist money system is good for the State. However, it needs to change how jobs work for people with fewer skills. For example, giving other jobs to people who need more help, like those who are not well. My perfect State wants everyone to have the same and have a say in how money and help are given so everyone is healthy and happy and wants to help the economy by working hard.
My thoughts are inspired by Josephine Shaw Lowell, a person who helped others in the 19th century. Lowell helped people in need and wanted everyone to be treated the same. Even though she came from a rich family, she saw the problems of poor people and worked to make things better. She knew how society worked, where rich and powerful people keep doing well while others struggle. She wanted to help the poor, sick, and not well people by giving them better school, health help, and cleaner jails. Because the government did not help people much back then, Lowell did it herself. I want to be like her and make society better through helping others and changing how things work.
Who you like, what group you are in, how much money you have, and what race you are can show how you feel about society. These things can make it hard to help the community at work and when talking to others. People who struggle with who they like may have different ideas about helping others, like solving problems together (Cox et al., 2021). Race and where you come from can also make it hard when working with others since most people who need help are from smaller groups and may make talking and working hard. When talking about important things in their communities, these groups may not like others and act unkindly (Cox et al., 2021). Talking about personal things is hard when people see each other differently. But helping others needs good talking skills, which I have and will use.
The idea of everyone getting good help when they need it helps people who work to help the community. It makes the work stronger by giving skills for everyone and making the work better. But making the work about money may make it hard to help people (Cox et al., 2021). People who work to help others follow rules like being honest, being fair, and making the community better for everyone. If selling help becomes the main goal, it shows a focus on money and not on the community. Making money the main thing in helping may make it hard to help because people may not share all the information since they pay for help. But making things about money may make it hard to help poor communities since they cannot pay for help. I expect to have problems when working with people who need help since there are not many resources on both sides.