The problem of stopping life without permission causes many talks. From religious side, this issue has some mistakes, the biggest being doing a big sin to God, who gives life to people. Also, bad things from euthanasia are less value for human life, breaking the equality of people in front of law, doctor's job, and the relationship between doctor and patient. So, it seems that if euthanasia becomes more popular, human values will be lost and changed. This paper looks at George's story, who gets very sick with an illness that will make him unable to move. Feeling very bad and knowing the disease won't go away, he thinks about solving it with euthanasia. By using books, a scientific paper talks about the issue of intentional death and religious ideas.

In the modern world, even with good medicine, people deal with illnesses that can't be cured. In these cases, the hit from the illness, physically and mentally, can be very hard. Because of the fear of not being able to take care of themselves and losing dignity, people think about euthanasia or, in other words, choosing to die. But this idea goes against what God wants according to Christian religion. So, this paper studies a story about a man who lost hope and is thinking about euthanasia.

The story of this research paper is about a man, George, who is middle-aged. He lives a normal life, works, spends time with family, and has his hobbies. But one day, he starts to have weak muscles and problems with moving right. He gets hurt, goes to the doctor, and gets a bad news. After more tests, it's found that George has a serious illness called ALS. This illness damages the brain's nerve cells that control muscles and the spinal cord. The most famous person with this disease is scientist Stephen Hawking. This sickness makes a person completely unable to move, but they can still smell, feel, see, hear, and taste.

George is told that ALS has no cure now, and only some drugs can slow it down, but there's no way to stop it. This news can make someone very sad and confused. This is what happened to George, who was scared of needing a wheelchair and making his family do everything for him. The idea of depending on others and losing control of his body makes him think about euthanasia to make life easier for his family.

Euthanasia is a big problem in society now. In the USA, nine states have made it legal (Hoehner, 2001). People who support this way of dying say it helps end long suffering because of good medical tech (Orr, 2001). But using euthanasia can cost a lot for families since it's not legal everywhere, and it's an expensive service. Christians don't agree with euthanasia. They think the time before death should be full of love, care, and support, which euthanasia takes away.

The main issue with euthanasia according to Christianity is going against God's law. The Christian belief is that God gives life and decides when it ends. Euthanasia means patients choose when to die, which is like doing one of the biggest sins – suicide. Even if a doctor gives the drug for euthanasia, it's the patient who decides, so it's like killing someone else. Sources also say that doctors can help patients die naturally but shouldn't kill them or help them kill themselves (Anderson, 2015). So, in religion's view, this is also a sin because it can be seen as murder.

Also, science says there are many reasons not to support euthanasia. It can put vulnerable people at risk, make the doctor-patient bond bad, and hurt the patient's family relationships. It also goes against human dignity and equal rights (Anderson, 2015). Following the Christian belief, people should care for others instead of helping them die.

From a Christian view, George's pain can be seen as a sign of a sinful world. Euthanasia is seen as suicide and not allowed by religion. But the fear of losing control and dignity affects the patient a lot. When thinking about resurrection hope, George’s feelings might show his wish to meet God quickly. So, George might feel like a burden to his family and have reasons for his actions.

Christianity says human life is the most important thing. When following religion, someone sees that thinking about ending their own life is wrong since only God can make that choice. So, George might start to see his ALS problem differently. To help him, it's important to show him how much his family loves him and how special the time spent with them is.

Based on this, Christianity doesn't allow euthanasia because it goes against the main values and beliefs of the religion. First, life is a gift from God and should be respected (Reese, 2019). Second, euthanasia is like choosing to die, which is a big sin. Third, making this choice popular can make people forget the value of life and supporting each other.

So, it's clear that there's no good reason in Christianity to support euthanasia. All the points mentioned earlier show this. Personally, I think that euthanasia is an easy way out, which is not good. Life shouldn't be ended just because someone wants it since God has a plan for each person. But I can't be sure about my opinion since I never faced a situation like George's, and I hope I never will. In stressful times, people can act differently, but I hope I can stay dignified and make the right decision.