This fact can be surprising, but a survey by the Pew Research Centre (2021) shows that the number of people using cell phones has been increasing since 2015. In 2015, 95 percent of people used cell phones, and in 2021, this number went up by 2 percent. Even though the growth is not big, it is still happening. It is interesting that only 85 percent of people use smartphones. So, it is wrong to think that cell phones are old-fashioned. People still need them, and companies can make good quality cellphones at a fair price.

Companies often use cell phones for communication among employees. But since the COVID-19 pandemic started in 2020, many companies have moved some employees to work from home. People working from home usually use their own smartphones and messaging apps to talk to coworkers. On the bright side, things are slowly going back to normal, and having employees work from home might not be a big problem in the long run.

To make our product better, we need to focus on its technical features. Since 2019, American companies have started using 5G smartphones more. These 5G phones are much faster than 4G ones. So, we should include this 5G technology in our new cell phone.

To see if people will want our new cell phones, we should ask potential customers. The survey will ask about our company's and our competitors' cell phones. People will have to choose between the options we give them.

Our company wants to reach both businesses and individual customers. One good way to reach them is through paid ads in the media. This will bring more people to our website and help sell our cellphones. We can put ads on websites and search engines. For social media, we should focus on Facebook and Twitter, as they are more popular with working adults and business owners than Instagram and YouTube.

One important part of business analysis is setting goals for the company. Our main goal is to make a cell phone with great features at a good price to compete in the market of communication devices.

Another part of business analysis is identifying the stakeholders of our business. Our stakeholders are the people who buy our cellphones, the companies that provide mobile network services, our employees, and the search engines where we advertise our new product. Partners and vendors who make components for our cellphones are also key stakeholders.

Our company is known for making high-quality devices. With the new cellphone, we want to keep up the quality while keeping the price low. Unlike big companies like Apple or Samsung, we don't want to charge high prices just because of our brand. Our target customers are people over 30 living in the US and earning at least $60,000 a year. Most of our customers own small, medium, or large businesses.

Some people might find smartphones more convenient than cell phones. That's why our ads need to show the benefits of using cell phones and convince people to use them at work.