The researchers say things from three good studies they did about different computer programs. The studies look at broken bones after car crashes, broken bones from a shovel, and bullet wounds in the head. These studies give important information to make modern detective work better (Buck et al., 2008). The computer program and touchy tool they used for the study are very accurate, don't have much rubbing, are very real, and can move in six different ways. In today's world, these are very good features for such talks. But copying the study to check the results might be hard because it costs a lot to get all the things they used (Pinzon et al., 2016).

The researchers do a good job to get their ideas from the information they got in the three different studies they talked about earlier. The results of the studies show that touchy tools can be very helpful in looking at dead bodies and doing detective work. In detective science, the research can help police make a crime scene again (like how someone held a gun) and find out what was used in the crime more exactly and quickly. Hagmann et al. (2021) say that using touchy tools in detective science can make solving crimes faster and make investigations better.

The research is very new because it helps use tech to make crime scenes again and lets the user feel things they can't touch during these computer trips. So, the user can touch and feel 3D digital info, which is a big change and makes today's tech better. Joukal et al. (2015) say there might be arguments about using touchy tools because people might be scared of messing with computers and hacking online to change how investigations go. These things might make these tools less trustworthy in court. When it comes to doing the right thing, the machines make it cost a lot more to do investigations because the tools and training for the people using them are very expensive (Fahrni et al., 2019). This money might stop getting justice in some cases, mostly in poor places. But the new ideas are clear, and the researchers do a good job to get strong ideas from their three good studies.