Infertility is a big issue nowadays. It means a person cannot have babies because of health problems. Lots of couples in the USA have this issue. It can happen because of sicknesses you are born with or things that happen to you. This problem is not only for women but also for men. It can affect people of all ages and countries. Some women in the USA, about 18%, said they had this issue (Mancuso et al., 2020). I think the environment is important for this issue. People should take care of their health to avoid problems with having babies. 

Infertility has many causes that might not be easy to see for non-experts. For example, how old you are matters a lot; the older you are, the more likely you are to have this issue. Hormones are also important for pregnancy. If something is not right in your body, you might have trouble getting pregnant. Being too fat or too skinny can also show infertility because the body uses resources in other ways, not for making babies. Problems with organs like the uterus or ovaries can also be the reason.

Men have a lower rate of infertility compared to women. But 7% of men have this problem, and the reasons are different (Krausz et al., 2022). About 20% of men who can't make their partners pregnant have genes passed down through their family. If men check their health early and find out about infertility, they can fix it and still have babies. Feeling sad or having a disorder can also lower sperm production.

Women have a higher rate of infertility, usually because of illnesses that can't be cured. When women have health issues that stop them from getting pregnant, doctors might not be able to help them have babies (Barbieri, 2019). Women often feel a lot of emotions that can lead to infertility. Having an abortion late in pregnancy can make it hard to get pregnant again.

Infertility is a big issue that is hard to control. Sometimes it's impossible to help someone have babies. But with medicines, surgeries, and In vitro fertilization, the problem can be fixed (Repping, 2019). Also, talking to a psychotherapist can help with mental issues that stop you from having a baby. Each case is different, and only doctors can say if any treatment will work.