Introduction
The information for judgment is very important in making decisions in many parts of public life. The data from evaluations shows the good and bad things about different processes, how well employees work, how good production is, and more. The evaluation methods need to be very good so that they can help make changes, find weaknesses, and make new plans for different parts of life. Even if the information from evaluations can be personal or not cover everyone, it is a very important source of facts that people with different jobs need to make quick decisions.

Evaluation Process from the Integrated Theory of Influence Perspective
When people do evaluations, some things affect them and have changed how evaluations happen in the past. One important thing is the language used in evaluations, which changes how people see judgments and meanings, and this decides the result of the evaluation. With unique parts of the language, evaluators can share their opinions in a special way, without showing what they really want, which could be hard to see. So, the evaluation process might not be fair if the evaluators use it wrong.

In the development of evaluations, the main thing that has changed is this. A theory called the integrated theory of influence was made to create a new way to do evaluations and make them deeper. This theory looks at three things - "source of influence, intention, and time frame." It thinks about both how evaluations happen and what happens after using the evaluation information.

Evaluation information is useful in many cases because when you judge something, it leads to decisions and changes. With the theory of influence, this type of information can be used in many ways. The writer Kirkhart says there are two ways the evaluation information can affect all the connected parts – by how the process is done and by the results. So, even though understanding the results of evaluations is a different process, the information from evaluations decides how things will happen in the future, both in how things work and what goals they aim for.

Also, evaluation information can change how things work because of another thing connected to it – intention. This means the reasons why evaluations happen are as important as the evaluations themselves because they show what the evaluator wants. So, people who are part of the evaluations can change the result by asking for something special.

However, how evaluations happen can change because of time. The results of evaluations can be different in the short term and the long term, and this shows how important evaluation information is for the people who use it. So, businesses, people in the government, and regular people can feel the effects of evaluations in many ways, at any time, because they cannot control them.

Evaluation is very important for research and making decisions. So, evaluating information systems can have bigger effects than we think, especially now that we have a lot of information. When some systems couldn’t guarantee they were safe and good, evaluations showed how important they were for early information systems. Then, because of evaluations, information systems were made better to help users more. Also, rules about how good information sources need to be and how relevant they are have been made because we have so much information now. Today, information systems work very well and help people find what they need because evaluations were used right to make good changes.

There are so many ways to use evaluations to reach goals because every process with people can be organized and put into groups. For example, evaluations can be used in colleges to see how good different kinds of tests are for students. No matter where evaluations are used, they have changed a lot over time and have been rethought to understand them better. With the integrated theory of influence, evaluations are one of the main things to help make decisions.

Conclusion
In the end, the integrated theory of influence talks about how evaluations work, no matter where they are used, how many people are involved, or what the situation is. This theory shows how evaluations can affect things in general and how the information from evaluations is used. There are many ways to change what’s being evaluated, how people work, or what happens, without meaning to, which shows how useful evaluations can be. So, evaluation information can help in many business situations to solve problems at the government level or to see how good students are at a subject.