The many fun happenings in my hometown include building churches, starting radio stations, families playing soccer, making health centers, and special occasions like weddings and funerals. Also, there are two other big events: church baptisms and boys wrestling from 10 to 17 years old. Out of all these, I don't know much about the family soccer games, but it seems the most exciting to me.

The family soccer games are super fun in my town. Seven families make a team with seven players each. The leaders in our community plan these games to help young people show their talents and have good futures. Only young people from 18 to 30 years can join. One of the leaders said this is just for young people who want to learn about themselves. These games happen during school breaks in December and January.

I know a bit about these fun games. They get money from The Association for Talent Development. This helps young people find jobs; three of my cousins now work with the American Federation of Women. But I wonder how the pandemic changed their plans and what problems they faced.

Finding new talents and making jobs is why this event is cool. Mr. Bowers, the head of the event, said that the COVID-19 rules made things hard. Lockdowns and curfews stopped the sponsors from coming to watch practice, and social distancing meant the whole team couldn't play together. Mr. Bowers also said they don't have enough space for all the players to keep far apart, as the state rules say.

I checked and saw that COVID-19 really messed up the games. Instead of 14 players, only 8 could play. Fewer people came to watch, and the sponsors couldn't come at all. The games in 2019 were much better than those in 2020 and 2021 because the players didn't get to train enough as a team. This made the sponsors not want to help anymore.

Thinking about it, COVID-19 really hurt the family soccer games, the most important event in my town. It's cool because it shows off young talent in soccer and it's important because it gives jobs to young people. I saw that COVID-19 rules made it hard for the team to train together, sponsors couldn't come watch, and the training time was cut. Mr. Bowers was really sad about this. I think Mr. Bowers should ask the national government to let them keep playing the family games even with the state rules. This is because the games give jobs to young people and make money for the government.