The making of smart things made more growth in this field, which caused the coming out of the Internet of stuff. These things are managed the same way with phone apps, which makes more problems with how safe they are used. Since lots of buyers don't know much about tech safety, this problem is dangerous for users (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Also, there are no clear and easy-to-understand safety rules for these Internet things that could affect what people buy. So, the article talks about the main safety risks, shows past tries to make a ranking system, and suggests new ways in this area.

The first of these things started in 1985, slowly growing in how many are used, but by 2006, many were worried about how safe they were. Since they were controlled by the Internet, they could be easily messed with (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). 40% of houses have at least five things with Internet, and the same 40% have at least one thing with problems (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). The article lists many writers and works that prove the issues with the Internet of Things. There were safety stickers, but people could hardly get them if they didn't know a lot.

Figuring out how safe these things are is a tough job with many parts, especially because each thing is different. The models looked at often used a step-by-step process to solve these big problems (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). This way can mix how good and bad a thing is, look at how it all fits, and make it easy to see which thing is better.

The article says to make a safety grade that users can understand. This will help people pick the best thing to buy. The way also uses AHP, offering new ideas and ways in how to do things (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Finally, the article gives an example of how this way is used.

AHP is an idea where goals are set, and rules are made. Each rule has its own importance compared to others. By looking at these rules, how much they help with the main goal can be seen. This idea is used a lot in different security systems, info safety, choices making, web apps, cloud storage, networks, and phone apps (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). These ways often focus on keeping info safe, stopping attacks, confirming who you are, being safe, getting in, and joining up.

Most smart things work with a big storage place and a service maker. They also use Wi-fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee to send info without wires (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Since each thing does its own job, checking how safe they are is about finding what they all have in common for a good way. Lately, some use other things at home to be a gate, which users can block, making them safer. Also, most things let users use phone apps to control them.

What are the main problems of smart home things when they're seen as Internet things? What are the main issues when they're used with smart home things? What are the main problems of the cloud when used with smart home things? What are the main issues with apps when used with smart home things? (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022).

To look at this problem, the writers used the best libraries that have info on tech and things. Things are attacked by people getting in through the Internet and normal passwords, not writing down how safe it is, and more (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Because of this, bad people can take control, listen in, and change private info. If these things have too many rights, they can be used wrong, and if someone can change the voice, then they can control them. Many companies can't keep helping a thing if they close or make new ones, which also makes a safety issue.

Problems can happen in the Internet, hardware, cloud, and phone. It's a good idea to change passwords a lot, update the thing's software, and add more checks when it's used. People use smart learning to find bad people getting in. Cloud safety is about the dangers of info moving between the thing and the cloud. It's also smart to find new ways to send info to the cloud if there's trouble with the main way, adding more checks and using different cloud places (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). With phones, users should also change passwords a lot, stop bad people from using up info or letting it out through the same apps and other things with a wall.

The writers say to make a safety plan with ways to stop the main dangers: apps, hardware stuff, cloud, and the Internet. Then, these ways are given a score, and the safety of the thing is found using math. After that, the best ways for each part are used, and a test is done to see how safe the thing is (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). This way, the user will see the safest thing to pick, even if only one test was done in this article. This way can be used for other things, showing that it can work for any thing's job.