This paper wants to study a Japanese ad on Ads of the World website. The ad talks about a product named "Toilet Quickle Deodorant Coat Sheet" to help housewives remove bad smells in the toilet. The ad is not right for American viewers and needs changes due to language and culture differences like how they make things look nice and how they compare things and the importance of being different.

The main reason why this ad needs changes for the US audience is that it uses Japanese words. The actors talk in Japanese and there are signs in Japanese too. The words can be changed to English, but the signs need to be made different. This is because Japanese words are shorter than English words, so if we put them in English, the pictures would look strange.

Another reason for changes is that the ad looks like a weather report Japanese housewives know about. In America, this kind of program looks a bit different, so American housewives might not understand it. The ad also shows bowing, a Japanese thing, which Americans don't do, so it should be taken out when making the ad for Americans.

The way messages are given in Japan and America is different, so the ad needs changes to fit American viewers. In Japan, ads talk indirectly and let people decide what they think about the brand. This is because Japanese people don't like ads that push them to buy things. In America, ads talk directly about the brand and compare it with other brands, like McDonald’s and Burger King do. The ad we are talking about doesn't say it's the best or compare with others; it just says what the product does. To make it better for Americans, the ad should say why the brand is good.

Also, the ad needs changes because Japan and America use appeals differently. Japanese ads try to make people feel something, while American ads try to make people think logically. Japanese ads show pictures to make people feel, while American ads use reasons and people to explain things logically. The ad we are looking at shows how Japanese ads are different. It doesn't give facts about the product or what experts say about it; it just talks about the problem it solves - bad smells. The woman in the ad talks about things that Japanese housewives care about. This might work in Japan, but in America, people want facts. To make it better for Americans, the ad should have facts about why the product works.

Finally, the ad needs changes because Japan and America have different kinds of people. Japan mostly has Japanese people, so it's okay if ads show only Japanese people. But in America, there are people from different backgrounds, and ads should show this diversity. So, the ad needs to show different kinds of people to fit American viewers and follow the trend of showing diversity in ads.

To end, the ad can't be the same for both Japan and America because they are very different in language and culture. So, the ad needs to be changed in the way it talks, how it tries to make people feel or think, what it says about the product, and who it shows in the ad. Also, because Japanese and English words look different, the ad should look better for English speakers. It should also have more facts about the product and compare it with other products directly.