John Smeaton was a smart person from England who made bridges, big waterways, and tall lights. In the text by Andrew M. A. Morris, it talks about how this famous smart person used different numbers in a big way as part of a smart way of looking at things (Morris, 2021). Morris talks about the three main points of this way of doing things, like making things better, trying out ideas, and making things better by trying new things.
The main idea of this study is that Smeaton did more than just improve making things by making things in a new way, which is what people thought in the 1990s (Morris, 2021). Instead, he says that his way connects science and making things by using both trying ideas and trying them out (Morris, 2021). I think the writer is right and think that John Smeaton was good at trying out ideas and making rules by trying new things. Some people may say that Smeaton didn’t do any science in his work, but he looked at things closely and made his own rules.
Morris also talks about how science and making things were connected during the time of the big changes in making things. According to Morris, people used to think about it using two old studies, which are talked about by A.E. Musson, Eric Robinson, and A. Rupert Hall (Morris, 2021). According to the first two smart people, science was very important during the time of making big changes (Morris, 2021). Hall, on the other hand, thinks that the new things made in the 18th century didn’t have much to do with science.
In my view, Hall’s idea isn’t very strong. The time of big changes, in my opinion, was a mix of making things, science, and business. Big new ideas and smart ways of making things changed almost everything people did and also made a lot of new things possible. We know that at the start of the big changes, people used wind and water to make power. But later, new ways of making power, like steam power, were studied and made better by John Smeaton, and power was very important in making the big changes happen.