Defining a historical context of bad kids studies can tell us about society’s progress on bad kids, like how parents take care of kids. Looking at what was bad kids in old times and now can show if rules now stop kids from doing wrong things. This essay will talk about how bad kids were seen in Ancient Greece and how now people deal with them.

First, finding out where bad kid idea came from in history can be hard as it started only in modern times. There is not much info on kids behaving badly in old times, but some say that boys were told to be naughty (Bates & Swan, 2021). Because Ancient Greece liked strong boys, it makes sense that boys were pushed to be violent.

Telling kids violent stories from young age made kids in Ancient Greece act out. Stories from Ancient Greece often talked about parents killing their kids (Regoli et al., 2020). This made some think that kids being bad came from how they were treated by parents. While some say kids were punished like adults, Bates and Swan (2021) say that bad kid issue didn’t exist back then because families were close. Also, as families hit kids back then, the state didn’t need rules for kid’s bad behavior. The only rule about bad kids was that kids couldn’t hit their parents in Ancient Greece. So, if a boy was naughty, his parents decided the punishment, often hitting him.

Looking at bad kids in the past helps us see a big change in how parents are involved now. In Ancient Greece, parents were told to handle kids behaving badly, and they chose how to punish them. But now, parents don’t have much say in how bad kids are dealt with. Also, now, parents, schools, society, and media are all seen as responsible for kids behaving badly.

Thinking about punishments, hitting kids like in old times didn’t work well. Finkelhor et al. (2019) say hitting kids can make them have mental problems and become aggressive. In the past fifty years, fewer kids are hit as punishment (Finkelhor et al., 2019). Now, kids who are bad might get counseling, pay fines, or do community work. For example, if a boy is bad now, he will be punished according to what he did. Lastly, now, punishment for bad kids never includes hitting.

To sum up, this essay looked at how bad kids were seen in the past and now. It showed that Ancient Greeks saw violence early on and had tough times with parents. Also, parents were in charge of punishing bad kids, often hitting them. But now, hitting kids is not allowed, and parents have less say in how bad kids are handled. Kids who do wrong things now are judged based on what they did.