Following the 9/11 big attack by bad people in 2001, America's world changed a lot. They made a new thing called Homeland Security. Even after they caught the leader of the bad people, the threat to America's home still exists. There have been more than 50 bad events, some stopped and some not stopped, so U.S. must always watch out and keep the country safe. The main plans for dealing with bad events and natural disasters are all based on local helpers. Homeland security is an answer to real and possible dangers. National Incident Management System (NIMS) is part of this.
Firstly, after the 9/11 attack, the Homeland Security Act told every government group to use NIMS to handle any kind of big problem. The goal was to have a united response during any trouble. NIMS has a key part called Incident Command System (ICS) to deal with problems. NIMS helps to reduce problems and speed up emergency planning by being a system used by everyone. In 2003, it got stronger because of something from the President about homeland security.
Secondly, NIMS helps homeland security by giving a big plan for handling cases across different areas and levels. NIMS can be used for all kinds of problems, no matter how hard, where, or how big. It has made it better for private and public groups to work together and have a standard way to deal with incidents.
Thirdly, NIMS is a good way for different levels of management to work together to prevent, respond to, and recover from problems. By using NIMS regularly, it helps to be ready and work well during an emergency. For example, state groups that use NIMS can easily understand what to do during a problem. This helps different groups work together during an emergency.
In the end, America's homeland security is very important after the 9/11 big problem in 2001. NIMS plays a big part in helping with this security goal. NIMS says that all problems start and end locally. It doesn't take control from local and Federal groups, it just helps them work better together. NIMS brings everyone together to make homeland security stronger. It brings resources and skills from different groups to have a good plan for handling problems.