Passage:
Hospital Tufts-New England Medical Center (Tufts-NEMC) in Boston, MA, is one of the oldest hospital in the land. It is famous for good care and teaching, and got lots of money for research - $2.3 billion from National Institute of Health. This was a big deal because it was the most money any hospital got, except one in California. Tufts-NEMC had money problems in the past, like in the 1990s. The hospital tried to grow and compete with others in Boston. The boss, Ellen Zane, worked really hard to make the hospital better. This paper will talk about the problems at Tufts/NEMC and what they did to make things better.

One big problem was that Tufts/NEMC had money issues and did not change things well. Also, a health company said no to giving insurance to the hospital because it cost too much. In 1997, Tufts/NEMC looked for a friend to help with money. They thought merging with Lifespan in Rhode Island would help them grow and do better. But it was hard to put two companies together. After they merged, Tufts/NEMC lost money and forgot to talk to important people. The hospital lost a lot of money every month. They were not doing as good as other hospitals in the city.

Tufts/NEMC tried to help the community and did new things to help people. They were the first to offer special clinics and services. They also did important things in cancer treatment and surgery. When Ellen Zane came, she learned how to listen to the community and make them happy. It is important to listen to what people need and give it to them.

To make things better, Ellen Zane talked a lot and sent emails to everyone. She told people what needed to change. She also met with doctors to tell them about the changes. Zane worked with others to fix money problems and make the hospital better. She sold things, cut costs, and got better deals. Zane wanted to make things different and bring the hospital up to date.

In the end, Ellen Zane did a good job at Tufts/NEMC. She talked to everyone, made changes, and worked hard to fix problems. Leaders need to help everyone in the company work together to make things better. By changing how things are done and talking to others, the hospital could improve.