The healthcare place has many things that make nurses very stressed. Nurses have to do many things on a tight schedule, handle a lot of information, and help many patients. They must give support to patients all the time and make sure they feel good. This leads to making ways to help nurses not feel too stressed. One of these ways is called learned optimism.
At first, learned optimism may seem like not dealing with real problems. But, when we look closer, especially when we see all the hard things nurses deal with every day, we see why they need something to help them stay strong (Chang & Daly, 2015). Learned optimism is important for nurses to stay calm and look at things in a good way, especially when their job is very hard and makes them feel a lot of pressure.
So, learned optimism is a way for nurses to deal with stress at work. It helps them avoid having big problems with their mental health. For example, using learned optimism can stop nurses from feeling very tired and not wanting to work anymore. This is a big problem because nurses have a lot of work to do and many patients to help. Using learned optimism helps nurses feel less stressed and this makes it less likely for them to feel very tired and not want to work (Kahlert & Brand, 2017).
Also, learned optimism makes nurses feel better emotionally. Working in healthcare means dealing with sad things that can make nurses feel very sad too (Chang & Daly, 2015). Feeling too sad can be bad for nurses because they need to be kind and understand what patients need. But if nurses feel too sad, they might not be able to do this well. This can lead to lower quality care for patients. So, it’s important for nurses to stay emotionally strong and be able to understand patients well.
Learned optimism helps nurses a lot, especially when they have to work hard and face many challenges that can make them feel very tired. Also, seeing others suffer and waiting to help them can be very hard emotionally. So, finding ways to take care of their mental health, like meditation, can really help nurses feel better. Learning optimism as a way to stay positive is a good thing for nurses because it helps them deal with their job better.