The words in the video that impressed me the most are from Isaiah, who said that Samuel taught him that someone can play t-ball and hit it hard while sitting. This is a strong message that shows even if people mean well, they can still have prejudices. Samuel's family didn't know the challenges that disabled people face before he was born. The picture of the child hitting the t-ball also brings up an important issue, that disabled people should be treated the same as others and given the same chances to do their best.

I was interested to see kids like Nathanial Orellana learning in a regular classroom. His mom made sure they actively looked for a good school so he could get the best care for his autism. Parents have many extra challenges when raising disabled children to help them compete with their peers. The video shows that communities and the government should offer parents different school options to choose the best one for their child's disability.

Kids with disabilities need special care but should still be able to interact with others if it won't make their condition worse. Being engaged is important for a child's development because it helps them pay attention and be active, leading to better success. Nathanial raises his hand to answer questions because all the students are involved in the class. His eagerness to answer shows interest and a desire to learn, qualities linked to doing well.

The video is useful as it gives a peek into the lives of people with disabilities. Many parents struggle with education as they want their kids to get the best education without facing the same problems other children do. Emily, a mental health supporter, has schizophrenia and understands that those without the illness might not fully grasp their challenges. People without developmental issues may not realize the struggles they face and should work hard to help them fit into society. Keith Jones also points out an important part of society. He believes children won't develop good social skills if they spend eight hours in a classroom without enough interaction. It's important to know that inclusion can work if kids get to interact often despite their differences.