Most people in the old times, called the Victorian era, liked good things in society. They thought these things were always there to help people be good. The good things were about how we act and behave. If someone did something bad, it was called lousy and they could be punished. But now, in today's America, people don't believe in these old ideas anymore. They like new things and don't care much about being wise, fair, brave, or clean. Instead, they focus more on things related to sex, like prostitution and other bad stuff.

Before, there were not many crimes, but now there are more. In the old days, people followed good rules and behaved well. But now, people do bad things, which leads to more crimes. The olden times spoke about how to be good, but now, young people like to do bad things instead.

In the past, women couldn't read, and immigrants didn't talk much with others. But now, women can read, and immigrants share ideas with locals. Men used to work and do politics, while women did housework and took care of kids. Each time had different stories to tell about life. The old times talked about factories, ruling other lands, staying at home, and being proud of who you are. The new stories are about losing things, feeling sad, and politics. In the past, most people were Christian and cared a lot about religion, unlike now in America.

Both in the old days and now, people care about being good and like being part of society. They care about things like money, politics, and how they live. The stories they tell in books have changed how people think and live. For instance, a lady named Elizabeth wrote a poem about kids working in factories, showing how bad it was. People in the past talked a lot and learned many things. They also wrote poems about their lives and feelings.

The old times and now have made changes to how people live. In England, the number of bad things people did got less, and more people came to live there. People learned how to be good and how to live well together. They knew what they had to do, learned many things, and talked to each other. They were good at work and did well in business. The old times brought new things and ideas, which made our world better.

Today, people in America have forgotten a lot from the past. In the old days, people cared about their culture, were honest, and did good things. But now, people do bad things like selling their bodies, getting divorced a lot, and doing crimes. They don't take things seriously anymore. People used to respect and care, but now, they don't.