Customer loyalty is when people like a company and its products. The loyalty ladder shows different levels of how much customers like a company's things. Researchers say there are five levels: people who might buy, people who might buy more, people who buy, people who buy often, and people who tell others to buy (Gerami & Vahid Yazdanian, 2018). The loyalty ladder helps companies make good relationships with customers for a long time. Companies do different things to make customers move up the ladder.

A loyal customer buys things from one brand and doesn't care about other brands. This helps the company a lot by making it look good and telling others to buy too. So, having loyal customers and checking how loyal they are is very important for a company that wants to stay popular for a long time.

Today, the loyalty ladder is very important for getting customers to buy things online. Companies use e-marketing to make good loyalty programs. To see how the loyalty ladder works, two companies that make natural cosmetics were looked at: Pacifica and Annmarie. They both have websites and good deals for customers. Looking at how loyal customers are, the companies have different plans for moving customers up the ladder.

Pacifica, the first brand online, gives digital gift cards. These cards are worth more than 50 dollars and sometimes can be worth more than 75 dollars. This helps get new customers and make old ones happy. Also, the cards have nice designs for special times.

The brand's plan is to make customers buy things often. They focus on people who might buy and people who buy already. But they don't do much to make people tell others to buy. Because they have many different things online, it's hard for customers to really like the brand for a long time. This makes it easier for customers to choose other brands. But looking at the ladder levels, the plan works well.

Annmarie cosmetics is the second brand we looked at. They made a program called Wild & Beautiful Collective to make customers tell others to buy. The program helps customers feel special by giving discounts and points. By talking to other customers, they get more involved with the brand. This makes them more likely to stick to one brand and not try others. This is good for online shops and makes customers loyal. The program helps the brand and customers with paid memberships and good things. But they don't do much to get new customers. Even though they have many loyal customers, they need to get more people to know about the brand for the future.

So, both brands have loyalty programs that fit what they need right now. They do well in some ways but not in others. To be perfect, they should think about all the ladder levels. But they make programs that work with what they have now. Annmarie's plan is better for the future. Pacifica's plan is good for getting more customers.