Mary Breckinridge was a very strong person. She had lots of pain and lost many things, but she spent her life helping people and making sure others don't have the bad things she had. She did a lot for nursing and medical research while she was alive. That's why I want to talk about her and what she did.

Mary Breckinridge was born on February 17, 1881, in Memphis, Tennessee. She lived in many places like Kentucky, New York, and even St. Petersburg because her father was a congressman and U.S. Minister to Russia. In 1904, when her first husband died, she decided to become a nurse. Even though Mary tried to start a family later on, she worked as a nurse for ten years and then stopped to have a son and a daughter with her second husband. Sadly, her children died soon after they were born. After these sad things happened, she left her husband and worked as a nurse in World War I. That's when she decided to spend her life saving people. After the war, Mary mostly worked in Kentucky and also studied at the Teachers College of Columbia University in New York City. In 1923, she went to England to learn at the British Hospital for Mothers and Babies to become a midwife. In 1925, she made a special group called the Frontier Nursing Service (FNC) that helped a lot of moms and babies survive better.

During her life, Mary did a lot for nursing and helped many people. Besides the FNC that still helps people in Kentucky, she was the first to bring nurse-midwifery to the United States. Even after she died, Mary's ideas about midwifery and nursing education still help many people. People from all over the world go to the FNC School of Midwifery and Family Nursing to learn about her ways of helping rural areas with health and social services.

It's really impressive how Mary Breckinridge helped nursing, even after all the bad things that happened to her. Even when she lost her kids, she didn't give up but worked hard to make sure others don't suffer like she did. I think we can all learn something from her story.