In the study, a part of the note gives a good idea of the patient’s appearance, problems, and health history. But, it needs more details about the last time the patient had unprotected sex as it can show how long the sickness takes to show up. If the patient's recent partners have the same skin issues and the patient had similar skin problems before, it can help figure out how long the sickness has been there. If a rash spreads all over the patient’s body, it can show how long the sickness has been there. Taking any medicines, like antibiotics, in the past month can affect more tests, plans, and treatments; it can show a reaction to a certain medicine. The patient’s health history doesn’t ask about periods, pregnancies, abortions, or birth control. It is also important to know where the patient has traveled to for finding out different sicknesses. 

The notes should talk about the check-up, like feeling the lymph nodes because a major sign of early syphilis is swollen lymph nodes, and later syphilis shows up with swollen lymph nodes all over. Looking at the skin and mucous membranes in different body parts is also important. If a person had many sexual partners or bacteria entered from many places during sex, they can get multiple sores. Checking the mouth can show a disease called Behçet if the mouth sores hurt, and if the person also has eye, skin, muscle, and joint pain, and stomach issues. 

Tests should include syphilis tests, PCR for HSV, tests for chancroid, and LGV. If all tests are negative, the last test should be looking at a tissue sample for a specific sign of granuloma inguinale. 

The results mostly come from tests, which are the most reliable. Some patients with STDs might not tell the truth, so their information needs to be checked well. Syphilis seems to be the right sickness here, and tests can prove if it’s true or not. It’s important for all medical people to think about syphilis because even though it’s not common, it can affect all parts of the body badly. Syphilis is very old, but doctors sometimes miss it because it looks like other mouth issues. HSV can also be checked for, which shows up as blisters and then ulcers. Chancroid is caused by Haemophilus ducreyi and is seen in Africa and Asia, showing up as a painful sore. 

LGV is caused by a chlamydia germ and is seen in some parts of Africa, Asia, and America, and has problems in the groin and anus. Granuloma inguinale is caused by Klebsiella germ and is seen in some parts of South Africa, India, China, and Brazil, with ulcers that grow slowly. Behçet disease is rare and affects many body parts with painful sores in the mouth and genitals, eye issues, and sometimes stomach, muscle, and joint problems. Syphilis sores are usually not painful, have many different skin changes, especially in the second stage, and the first sore is hard at the bottom.