Introduction
Healthcare help during sickness is very important for people. Sometimes nurses feel very bad because of too much work. They get sad and tired because they work very hard. This can make them feel very stressed (Chirico et al., 2021). So, it is important to find ways to help them so they can take care of patients who need help.

Background
The topic I chose is about nurses' mental health when they work with very sick people. This is important for patients and nurses. I want to do this project at a hospital where I can talk to the person in charge to get information. It is important because nurses can feel very tired or sad from their work, and they need help to feel better (Chirico et al., 2021). Women nurses can feel even worse with feelings like depression or anxiety (Soylu et al., 2021). So, I want to help them and other healthcare workers in the future.

Background of the Project
I chose this topic because I am worried about how nurses feel, especially during the sickness time. Even though doctors focus on patients' physical health, nurses' emotional health is also very important for good care (Stuijfzand et al., 2020; Soylu et al., 2021). So, I want to see how nurses who help very sick patients feel at a primary care hospital with Jewell Snider helping me.

SMART Goals
To solve the problem I found before, I need to set a clear goal. I want to check who is more likely to have problems with their mental health at work and why they feel stressed (Chirico et al., 2021; Soylu et al., 2021). I will use the hospital's information to find this out in one week. Then, I will make a plan for the hospital to help those who need it in the next week. I will spend two days talking about my findings with the person in charge and decide what to do next in a month.

Initial Project Design
The first plan for the project is shown in a chart. It shows the smart goals that the hospital needs to follow. I will first check the data available like sick days taken or problems reported, then make a plan based on that information and talk to the hospital's person in charge to put the plan into action (see Figure 1). The researcher and the person in charge will work together. The data used for this project will only include information about nurses' mental health and what kind of problems they have. It will take about two months to follow the plan.

Goals
The project wants to understand how nurses feel at work and what problems they have. It also wants to see how the hospital can help nurses feel better (Søvold, 2021; Cai et al., 2020). Finally, the project will see how nurses take care of very sick patients during the sickness time.

Need Assessment
The project needs money, people who care, patients, spiritual help, hospital space, and money to make things happen. The goal is to see if nurses and patients get the help they need and if the hospital can make things better (Chirico et al., 2021; Serrano-Ripoll et al., 2020; Greenberg et al., 2020).

Stakeholders
The people who care about the project are psychologists, social workers, and nurses. Psychologists want to help, social workers are not sure, and nurses might not like the project because they think it will make their work harder. To make sure everyone knows what is happening, the researcher will write a letter to them. The letter will say that their information will stay safe. This will help everyone trust each other.

Project Requirements and Tools
The project needs time, money, and things to make it work. First, the researchers will check how people feel before the project starts to see if the project makes them feel better. They will use special tools to measure how well the project is going (Suryono & Hasbullah, 2020). Also, the researchers will use a special way of leading to guide them in making the project better and helping everyone feel good.

Literature Review
I will look at other people’s research to learn more about how nurses feel when working with very sick patients. I will use the school library and Google Scholar to find information. I will use keywords to search for the right articles. I will only use articles that talk about nurses' mental health to help me with my project.

AlAteeq et al. (2020) studied how nurses in Saudi Arabia feel during the sickness time. They found that most nurses feel anxious and sad. This study shows that nurses need help when they feel bad. De Pablo et al. (2020) looked at the problems nurses face during the sickness time. They found that nurses feel very stressed and sad. This study shows that nurses need help to feel better. Di Tella et al. (2020) saw how nurses in Italy feel during the sickness time. They found that nurses who work with very sick people feel sad and have a hard time. This study shows that nurses need special help to feel better. Vizheh et al. (2020) studied how nurses feel during the sickness time. They found that nurses who work at the front of the hospital feel very stressed and sad. This study shows that nurses need help to feel better. Tsamakis et al. (2020) saw how nurses in Greece feel during the sickness time. They found that nurses feel very stressed and sad. This study shows that nurses need special help to feel better.

Biblical Reflection
As a nurse, I know that my job is to help people and care for them, both in body and mind. I want to follow what God says in the Bible (Matthew 5:3–7) and help others when they are sad or need help. This will help me and others find peace and happiness. I believe that my faith will help others feel better and connect with God.

Project Budget
The financial plan is very important to finish the project successfully. The budget shows how much money is needed each month and can change if needed. The project should always follow the budget and not spend more money than planned. The plan also makes sure that the project helps more than it costs. The total cost for the project is $2658968 each year. This money will help 1800 nurses and doctors who work with very sick patients. It will also help them feel better and do their job well. Instead of spending money on mental health services, the money can also be used to hire more workers or buy new equipment for the hospital.

Fixed Costs
The fixed costs are the same every month. For example, the project needs to pay for phone services for managers to talk to others, internet service for online meetings, rent for offices, and buy a program for the project. Sometimes, the project needs to fix or buy new things for the office, but this cost can change.

Personnel Costs
The project will pay workers a fixed salary every month. The number of workers will change based on how many patients need help. Some money will also be used to train new workers to do their job well.

Supplies and Investments
Some things like medical supplies and office