Negro spirituals are songs made by Africans who were taken and moved to America to be sold as slaves. They lost their languages, families, and culture, but their owners couldn't take their musical ways. One negro spiritual, Ring Shout, shows African Christianity in a special way. Ring Shout has hand clapping, footsteps, and other sounds with the leader and chorus singing in this folk spiritual. It has a religious dance where people move in circles (blackhistorywalks 6:24). In the United States, the word “spiritual” is linked with the hard times of African Americans. Among traditional music, the African American spiritual, also called the Negro Spiritual, is very important (blackhistorywalks).
Some famous spirituals are Swing low, dear chariot by Wallis Willis, and Deep down my heart. (African American Spirituals). The word “spiritual” comes from a Bible verse in Ephesians 5:19: “Talking to yourself in songs and singing and making music in your hearts to the Lord.” (African American Spirituals). African slaves had “praise houses” and meetings where they talked about their life as slaves (African American Spirituals). They had moments of singing, chanting, and dancing.
Enslaved Africans sang about their hard life to the American slave owners through spiritual songs (blackhistorywalks 5:34). Slave owners let their slaves do some religious things, even though they couldn't speak freely. They didn't know that a rich culture full of amazing songs would come from that, becoming the soundtrack to some people’s spiritual life (blackhistorywalks). Call and response is a big part of negro spirituals. It later influenced other types of music like blues and gospel. Spirituals were used by enslaved people as a way to keep African parts in their lives. They are seen as the start of many types of music because of their big influence.
In the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, spirituals were important in black people’s protests. Spirituals and Gospel songs were key in the civil rights movements of the 1950s and 1960s (African American Spirituals). A lot of the “liberation songs” back then were based on old spirituals. Songs based on spirituals have been used in many countries worldwide. Today, pop singers still get ideas from old spirituals to make new protest songs. Songs like Redemption Song by Bob Marley and Sing their souls back home by Billy Bragg are good examples. Everyone who joined the ring scream felt good and close after the event. Negro spirituals gave African-Americans a way to show who they are and what they can do. Because of the unfairness from white bosses after the Civil War, Negro Spirituals were very liked among African Americans. They found a way to deal with their problems through spirituals, making Negro Spirituals a part of the African American way to be American. Negro Spirituals pushed African-Americans to come together and fight for their rights, showing their power in numbers.