A diet with less protein means eating less foods with protein that give energy. This diet is for people with kidney and liver problems. These foods are eggs, nuts, salmon, chicken, and beef, which have lots of protein. So, old people need to eat less protein because their bodies work slower when they are old. Eating too much protein can make them gain weight and get sick. It is important to teach old people how to eat less protein for a healthy life.

Old people can have problems like weak immunity, bad eating habits, and sicknesses like diabetes and high blood pressure. When people get old, their body's defense system gets weaker because it makes less fighting cells. Also, old people may not eat well because they don't have someone to help them or enough money for good food. They can also get diseases like dementia, which affects their thinking and food choices. So, it is important to teach them how to take care of themselves. For example, a 68-year-old man named M has a kidney disease. He eats a lot of meat and eggs every day because he likes them. He thinks it's okay because proteins are good for muscles. But, it's not good for his health because of his age and illness. He needs to eat less protein and learn to eat better to stay healthy.

Because of his kidney disease, M should eat less protein and more vegetables and grains like spinach and peas. These foods have good fats and no bad cholesterol. He can still eat some meat and other foods but in small amounts to get enough energy. For example, he can eat rice with a little meat instead of a lot like before. This will help clean his blood from too much protein.

To help M eat better, he will watch videos and read brochures about food. The videos will show how to cook plant-based foods he likes instead of meat and eggs. African Americans like soy and beans, which are good alternatives. He will also learn how to read food labels to make good choices. For instance, he will know that 100 calories per serving is okay, but more than that is bad for health.