The two stories “The Tell-Tale Heart” by Edgar Allen Poe and “The Gift of the Magi” by O. Henry were examples of their authors’ writing talent. O. Henry and Poe were writers from different times; however, these stories have some similarities, especially in terms of writing techniques they used. At the same time, the two stories are different because they have different ways of showing problems in society and focus on different parts of these problems.

“The Gift of the Magi” is about a couple named James and Della who sold their most valuable things to buy gifts for each other at Christmas. Della finds expensive hair combs, but they are useless because she cut her hair to buy Jim a chain for his watch, which he sold to buy her a gift. In a certain situation (they are poor), O. Henry uses irony to show how someone can give up the most important thing to show love.

The main things in “The Gift of the Magi” are irony and selfless love. While O. Henry’s story talks about the good parts of these ideas, Poe talks about more negative, darker feelings through stories about mental disorders. “The Gift of the Magi” became a famous example of irony. Jim and Della give their most important things so the other person can see their love. Jim sells his watch to buy Della’s combs, thinking she will use them, while Della sells her hair to buy a gift for Jim. They don’t expect each other to do these things. The irony here is strong and emotional. Della and Jim buy gifts for each other that turn out to be not practical. They can’t afford to spend money on things they won’t use since they are poor. But they get something unexpected: a gift that shows how much they love each other and are ready to do anything to make each other happy. They show their love in a big way.

One of Poe’s short stories, “The Tell-Tale Heart,” talks about paranoia and mental problems. In “The Gift of the Magi,” there is no mention of mental illness, it focuses more on the hardships of being poor. Poe, like in most of his stories, talks about deep human thoughts. In this story, Poe talks about a mystery: why do people hurt those they love or need in their lives. The narrator loves the old man and isn’t jealous of his money (he is poor too), and he isn’t angry about small things. The narrator doesn’t give reasons for the crime. The narrator, saying he is not crazy, is focused on the old man’s eye. In the end, the narrator kills the old man and cuts him up. The narrator says the old man’s eye was different. The narrator admits to the crime when the police come. Poe’s stories are known for bringing the dead back to life by using memory to bring them back. He hears the old man’s heart beating under the floor, which makes him go crazy.

To make their stories interesting, O. Henry and Poe used suspense and irony. Irony is a big part of both works, making them similar in this way. Both authors are known for surprise endings that make readers think differently about the story. However, the irony in their stories is different. In “The Gift of the Magi,” the irony makes the story end happily. The ironic outcome of the gift exchange helps us understand love and giving up important things. Poe’s story is darker, making the reader not expect the confession of a killer.

Poe uses dramatic irony, like the narrator being nice to the old man before killing him. The reader doesn’t expect the narrator to be kind before killing him, so it’s dramatic irony. Another ironic moment is situational, as the old man keeps his windows locked because he’s afraid of thieves, but the narrator, who lives with him, is the only thief.

In both stories, the authors talk about poor characters going through hard times. This is another similarity between the stories. The characters have similar money problems, and they live in similar places, like small apartments. Also, both stories happen in winter, one in January and the other around Christmas. The differences in money problems are clear, with Poe focusing on madness and the idea that you can’t escape your thoughts, no matter how hard you try. O. Henry talks about the link between being foolish and poor. His characters give up everything they have for things they don’t need, which can make their lives hard.

“The Tell-Tale Heart” by Edgar Allen Poe and “The Gift of the Magi” by O. Henry are important works that helped modern literature grow. Both authors use irony and similar ideas in their stories, but with different results. O. Henry tells a story about love without making it too complicated. Poe tells a suspenseful, gothic story about a person who loves and hates someone at the same time. The differences and similarities in both stories show how unique the authors are and how they affect readers.