To not make bad things and write a paper about a small wrong act, the allowed person can do a thing to make sure work goes on, like to keep a car. This is when not able to write it down where finding a wrong act, to make sure the case is looked at on time and right and the answer is done. If the rules for using a car are broken, the car is kept. The car goes to a safe place nearby (a special car park) and stays there until the reason for keeping the car is fixed. The money for moving and keeping the car, apart from cars, is paid back by the person who did the wrong act. The money for keeping the car is paid for each full hour in the special car park starting from when the car is put there until it is given back to the owner. Paying for moving and keeping the car is done in the time and cost set by the allowed person in charge. The place where the car is kept, who needs to be paid, should also be thought about. So, it's important to know that Outback Insurance Company was told by the car park and the police. But the company did not act to take the car. So, they knew all about it and had to do the right things. The cost for the car to be kept should be paid by the owner who did not take the car from the special car park when the keeping was all done. From looking at the rules, the main things to solve this fight is to know how much money the person spent on keeping the car. But Outback Insurance Company can ask to change the payment to be more like the middle price. This is needed to check the rightness of the payment cost that Ron Dexter wants. Also, it must be known that the car was taken on February 14, but the company only knew on May 8. This is big to see what rights Outback Insurance Company could lose if not told on time. It's important to know if the owner asks for the car back on the first day, they do not need to pay for the day it was kept since the payment is for a full day. So, the company can ask to change the cost of keeping, like Ron Dexter wants. The best thing here is to ask for money from the day the police knew. The end of this case might be that Outback Insurance Company needs to pay for keeping the car. But asking for $15,510 is not right and fair, since all the things above must be thought about.