Outreach Chicago is a group that helps homeless people and others who are not well served by big companies. Their main goal is to give help and things that people need to go back into society successfully. To use logical thinking, you need to first make a general guess that Outreach Chicago helps people (Adler & Clark, 2015). By looking around, we can see proof for this guess as Outreach Chicago gives out food and gives away things like soap, jackets, warm blankets, socks, and underwear to people who need them. The official website of the company gives exact numbers for each type of help, so we can say for sure that since 2011, they have been helping folks with different needs. 
Outreach Chicago says that in the area where they work, around 34% of grown-ups and 51% of kids are poor (Outreach Chicago, 2022). To use another kind of logical thinking, it might be useful to compare the data given by the company with what other sources say about how many folks are poor, and to see if the info is up to date. The company works in a few places: Chicago Heights, Chicago, Cicero, Dolton, and Harvey (Outreach Chicago, 2022). According to Welfare Info site, the poverty rates for adults in these areas were 26.4%, 20.6%, 19.8%, 26.6%, and 35.6% in 2017 (Poverty Illinois, 2022). If we add these numbers up and divide by how many areas there are, we get an average of 25.8%, which means maybe Outreach Chicago was looking at old data or just using the numbers from the poorest place, Harvey.
One thing to ask for a research with words is if the things that Outreach Chicago gives out are what the people really need. This research can talk to people who get the help and see what they think about the service and the things they get. The guess is that Outreach Chicago gives out important things that people need. The results of this research can help make the service better as people can say if some things are not needed or can be changed.
For the research with numbers, the question is if more than half of the customers are happy. To see how happy they are, the customers will be given forms to fill out. The guess is that more than half of the customers are happy with what Outreach Chicago does. This research can help the group know how well they are doing.