Figure 1. Parenting (“Parents,” n.d.).
Parenting means dealing with many problems, some need help from experts. If there is a crisis, a parent should ask for help from services that can support parents and children quickly. Groups that help with parenting and parent-child relationships can give advice on different things like finding out who the dad is, looking for the parent who doesn’t have custody, and more. If you live in New York City, two main places can give you information.
Info
Cap4Kids helps parents with lots of services about parenting. For example, they offer a program that helps parents in poor areas give their kids what they need, like education, food, and clothes. Because of the bad effects of the coronavirus on New York's economy, resources for parents who are struggling are very helpful. Cap4Kids gives these parents important help and a good support system.
For education, Cap4Kids has many programs for kids, from fun things to learning things. This helps kids read better and do well in school. For parents in areas hit hard by the pandemic, where they can't support their kids' education, this program is a big help in making their kids' lives better. Cap4Kids has lots of resources for kids and parents, dealing with common parenting issues in New York City.
They now offer advice on COVID-19 and resources. They help with food choices during the coronavirus, housing, jobs, and childcare. Cap4Kids is a big help for families with parenting.
Fees
Cap4Kids is a non-profit, so parents can get help without paying. Since everything is online, parents don't need to pay for transportation. However, having internet is important to keep getting help and talking to the organization. So, it's not expensive to get help from Cap4Kids.
NYC Department of Youth and Community Development
Contact
Text 311-692
Call 3-1-1, 212-NEW-YORK, or 212-504-4115 (New York City Department of Youth and Community Development, n.d.).
Info
As part of New York City's government, the NYC Department of Youth and Community Development helps with parenting. They help dads spend more time with their kids and give food to families, especially those with young kids.
During the pandemic, they are working hard to help kids from struggling families by working with parents. They focus on family health and helping families be healthy. They offer advice and help for parents and children, dealing with tough parenting problems. Parents can trust them and work together with them.
Fees
This organization is also non-profit, so parents don't need to pay to get help.
It's important for parents to have all the help they need for their kids. This is even more important during the pandemic, where COVID-19 has changed how parents take care of their kids. If you need help with parenting or childcare, contact the services mentioned above. When experts help in a crisis, kids are safe.