Abstract

Aim
This paper wants to talk about why the blood pressure gets too low during surgery, focusing on why it happens in the cells/receptors.
Background
When the blood pressure is too low during surgery, it can cause problems after the surgery and make people more likely to die, especially after surgeries that are not on the heart. Doctors define low blood pressure during surgery as when the blood pressure is less than 65 mmHg. Even though doctors have different ways to say when the blood pressure is too low and what problems it can cause, there is a strong link between low blood pressure during surgery and bad outcomes after the surgery, like heart problems or kidney problems.
Findings
There are a few main reasons why the blood pressure can get too low during surgery. Some of them are not having enough blood in the body, blood vessels getting wider, pressure inside the chest being too high, not enough blood being pumped by the heart, and the body not being able to control blood pressure well. These things can happen because of the medicine used during surgery and can make the blood pressure go down. Some things that make people more likely to have low blood pressure during surgery are being old, having low blood pressure before, needing emergency surgery, or being more likely to have tissues not getting enough oxygen. Even though we know some reasons for low blood pressure during surgery, we need to do more research on how to treat it and take care of patients during surgery. People having surgery that is not on the heart and they are asleep are still at risk of having their blood pressure go down a lot.
Reasons for Low Blood Pressure During Surgery
Start
Low blood pressure during surgery happens a lot when people are given medicine to go to sleep. Usually, low blood pressure during surgery is when the blood pressure is lower than what's normal for the person. Even a short time of low blood pressure can lead to bad results. Low blood pressure during surgery is a big reason why bad things can happen after surgery, like heart problems, kidney problems, and other serious things. Every year, lots of people have heart problems after surgery, and this is one of the main reasons why people die soon after surgery. So, low blood pressure during surgery is a big reason why people can die after surgery.
How Often
Studies show different numbers because researchers have different ways to say when the blood pressure is too low. For example, about 65% of surgeries have low blood pressure if it's defined as less than 65 mmHg, and about 94% if it's a 20% drop from before. Some studies looked at how many people die after having low blood pressure during surgery, and the numbers varied between 0.03% and 5.6%. Other studies found that between 2.8% and 72% of people had kidney problems after low blood pressure during surgery. There are also studies that show that between 0.09% and 30% of people had heart problems after low blood pressure during surgery. Even though low blood pressure is a strong sign that bad things might happen after surgery, we still don’t know how long low blood pressure should last.
Causes
To be able to help people with low blood pressure during surgery and prevent bad outcomes, doctors need to know why it happens. There are different reasons why people can have low blood pressure during surgery, depending on the different stages of surgery when people are asleep. Two main stages are right after going to sleep and early during surgery, caused by the medicine given through the vein and other medicine.
People having surgery when they are asleep can have low blood pressure because of different body processes, which means that the reasons for low blood pressure during surgery involve many things. Some common reasons are blood vessels getting wider, not enough blood in the body, not enough blood being pumped by the heart, pressure inside the chest being too high, and the body not being able to control blood pressure well. When blood vessels get wider, the blood pressure goes down because there is less resistance in the blood vessels and more blood flows. This can happen because of the medicine given during surgery. It can also happen if there is not enough blood in the body after losing a lot of blood, or if the blood vessels expand too much because of the medicine. When the body can’t use its normal ways to keep blood pressure stable, low blood pressure can happen.
The heart pumping less blood can happen because it beats too slowly, leading to things like a slow heart rate or not enough blood pumped with each beat. If the heart beats too fast, there is less time for the heart to fill with blood, which can lead to less blood being pumped. If the heart stops beating, the blood pressure goes down to zero, which can cause low blood pressure. Low blood pressure can also happen if the body can’t control blood pressure well in people who had surgery on the neck, neck injuries, radiation to the throat, or surgery on the carotid artery. Along with a slow heart rate, low blood pressure can happen when people are resting because the body can’t control blood pressure well. This is because the body can’t use its normal ways to keep blood pressure stable. It happens because the signals that tell the body to control blood pressure don’t work well. Besides low blood pressure when people stand up, it can also cause high blood pressure at times. Things that make people more likely to have low blood pressure during surgery are being old, having low blood pressure before, needing emergency surgery, or being more likely to have tissues not getting enough oxygen.
Signs and Symptoms
People who are asleep with medicine during surgery might not show common signs of low blood pressure, like feeling dizzy, sick, or not seeing well. So, during surgery, doctors have to use common ways to say when the blood pressure is too low and can cause problems. Doctors agree that when the blood pressure goes below 65 mmHg, it can be dangerous and lead to problems after surgery and death. This can cause permanent damage to organs because they don’t get enough blood.
Ending
In conclusion, we know why people can have low blood pressure during surgery, but we still don’t know how to stop it or treat it well. Low blood pressure during surgery is a big sign that bad things can happen after surgery and that people can die soon after. So, we need to do more research on how to take care of people during surgery.