The sickness of COVID-19 was very scary for everyone in the whole world. I told my friends that the sickness will not be for a long time and we would meet after two weeks of being alone. I did not know how big it will become and what changes it will make in my life. Staying at home and watching news about many sick and dying people made me understand how weak human life is. The sickness has good and bad things for people and their jobs. This paper talks about these things and tells about my experience with the COVID-19 health problem.

The sickness that still happens has taught us a good lesson, which is to be able to change quickly. You will not know what will happen in the future, and you should be able to accept the new things. At the start of the sickness, it was fun to be at home, watch TV shows, and talk with friends. Later, I saw that my mind was getting worse as I felt scared about the world and my future. I felt bad for people who lost their loved ones because of COVID. But, I managed that worry with help for my mind, podcasts, and books. I saw that accepting new things is the only way to keep doing what you do every day. In countries, they were also changing and making new rules, and now I think many leaders are more open to fast changes. There were many mistakes that show how important it is to make good and quick decisions that think about today.

Another good thing about the sickness is that people learned the value of family and friends. People cannot live alone, and they need someone to help and love them. During the sickness, I was with my family, and it was the first time I was very close to them. We talked a lot about the situation, so I could know my family better and help them. I was worried about older family members, thinking that I did not spend enough time with them before the sickness. It made me think about my family more and see that they are important, and I should give them more time. I think this was a big lesson for everyone, and I hope people will love their families more.

One big change from the COVID-19 sickness is online school. I did not know if it was good or bad as there are many ideas for both sides. I liked online school because I could take other classes for free from different schools and websites like Coursera. I also learned how to manage time better because I had more work to do. But, many students did not like online school because we could not focus well. Some of us did not have a quiet place to study or time to learn. Education is important, but online school made it harder. Also, I heard that in some places, students had to climb trees to get the Internet for school.

The COVID-19 sickness made the world more not fair and hurt the world's money. People in poorer countries did not have good health care or tools for online work and school. Many people lost their jobs and could not help their families. This made more crime, jobless people, and hunger in many countries. Also, the sickness made people fight about getting the vaccine or not. This fight made the health problem a fight about ideas. People made up stories about COVID-19 and did not help stop the sickness. I think this is normal because people wanted answers that leaders did not have. So, leaders should be careful when talking to people.

In all, there is much to say about COVID-19. For me, it was about taking care of my mind and being with my family. For the world, it made bad money things, made more not fair things, and made people die. I hope the sickness made people think about their lives and help others. I think the world will not be the same after COVID-19 ends, if it does end.