Introduction
Giving patients good and strong medicines is very important for quick medical help. In the patient we looked at, they have some serious sicknesses that mostly happen in old people and not so much in young ones. Because of this, we need to look at age when we talk about how drugs move in the body and how they work. This can help us choose the right medicines and make a good plan to help the patient.

Age's Effect on How Drugs Work in the Patient
In the case we studied, the patient has big health issues with their heart and blood vessels. When we think about these sicknesses, how old the patient is becomes very important for how drugs move in the body and how they work. For example, some experts say that drugs like furosemide, which lower blood pressure, might not work as long in old people because their body systems are not working so well. Also, the kidneys and liver, which clean the body, might not work as well in older patients. Medicines that stop blood from clotting might not be absorbed well in them too. This means that drugs might not work as long or as well in older people compared to young ones.

Effects on the Patient's Drug Treatment
These changes in how drugs move and work in the body can change the drugs that are good for the patient. Some doctors say that taking too many medicines can be bad for older people with heart problems. If they take too much, like aspirin and warfarin together, it can be dangerous. Also, giving metformin to control blood sugar might put pressure on the liver, which is risky for older people. Because of these things, the treatment that is suggested might not be safe for the patient due to their body not being able to handle the medicines well.

Making the Drug Treatment Plan Better
To make the patient's drug plan better, some changes could help. For example, using metoprolol instead of atenolol because it works faster. Also, diuretics like hydrochlorothiazide and spironolactone might help lower blood pressure without hurting the kidneys and liver. Keeping metformin and glyburide can be good for controlling blood sugar. These changes can help with the problems that come with age in how drugs move and work in the body.

Ending Thoughts
In this case, we see how age affects how drugs work in the patient. Studies show that age is important for health and for the sicknesses that old people get. Because of this, we need to change the drug plan a bit to help the patient deal with their serious sicknesses better.