The situation in Pioneering Technologies (PT) is hard and not so good in the ethics. On one side, Owl Vision is a special thing in bionic eyes with clear plans and good things for buyers. On the other side, the reasons for problems due to changes are not known well. Simply put, no promises are made to explain the issues with the new thing. Considering this, the ethical method called utilitarianism should be used because it fits with PT’s way of doing things. The basic idea is that the right things are those that bring good results for many people and make the most good overall. The company needs to look at the bad things and good things of their plan and product not just for success but for everyone who might be affected by the choice. This includes looking at what will happen in the short and long term. Some people might be interested at first, but their troubles could get bigger over time, which could hurt the company’s name.

By following the rules of utilitarianism, looking at the results is important. If the company thinks the outcomes will be good for them and the regular users, they might see success with their plan. So, for now, PT should not go on with the ads as they are but should make some changes and improvements before showing the product to buyers. This includes checking the current situation, finding what’s missing, and talking about what will happen. If the bad things are more than the good things in some areas, it’s important to involve more people and fix the problems.

As for Eagle Eye Technology (EET), they don’t care much about following ethical rules and have learned about PT’s problems. They choose to stop PT’s plan and not let them lie to the public. So, they think whistleblowing is the right thing to do. Whistleblowers are people who tell secrets in companies to the media. They want to show a bad situation. But in this case, it’s not clear if EET wants to make changes or just beat PT. So, it’s hard to say if EET will really win. According to Halbert and Ingulli (2015), whistleblowing can be bad for the industry and hurt the names of both companies. This way doesn’t mean there will be a clear winner, but there might be more losers than expected.

Using a bad product and knowing its dangers can be risky for people. If PT sells Owl Vision and buyers don’t know about problems in bad weather and accidents, it’s risky. If someone gets hurt in a car crash because of Owl Vision not working well, they could sue PT for making a dangerous product. If the person didn’t know it was unsafe and bad, and used it in bad weather, they could ask for money from PT according to the law.