Pressure sores happen a lot in the medical field, affecting people who can't move because they are sick or hurt, or old people who can't move much. A pressure sore is when the skin and soft tissue under it get hurt because of strong or long pressure on it, or pressure with sliding. Pressure sores are still a big problem in the United States, hurting almost 3 million grown-ups. But, the money for healthcare is going up and if pressure sores are not treated, they can make people very sick with infections or tissue death. About 60,000 people die every year because of pressure sores (Mervis and Phillips, 2019).

Pressure sores can happen when you're in the hospital or after you leave and get taken care of at home. Many older people who can't move because they're old, hurt, getting better from surgery, or sick, are in danger of getting pressure sores. Unlike hospitals, there are no nurses there all the time to help change how you're sitting or lying down, change bandages, or find sores early. So, books say that a good way to help grown-ups at home is to use soft things like pillows, cushions, or mattress covers to lower the pressure and support the area (MedlinePlus, 2020).

A more complicated way to help is to use special surfaces to lower pressure. These are called durable medical equipment (DME) and are used to care for pressure sores. These surfaces are split into three groups depending on how hard they are. Group 1 are surfaces that can replace the mattress or go on top of it, like special mattresses, pressure pads, or foam, water, or gel overlays. Group 2 is similar but includes fancier things like beds that float on air or powered mattresses that lower pressure. Lastly, Group 3 are whole bed systems that include beds filled with air that moves around (United Healthcare, 2021). These special surfaces are meant to stop pressure sores from happening or help heal ones that are already there. They work by reducing the pressure on tissue as much as possible, mostly by making blood flow better and fitting to the shape of the body to spread pressure over more areas (Rae, Isbel and Upton, 2018). Most books agree that these special surfaces are good at stopping and treating pressure sores.