Purpose of the Study
COVID-19 changed the world economy a lot. Head Start helps kids and families hit by COVID-19 by giving them learning chances and taking care of their health. It shows how COVID-19 affected non-profit groups, making them adapt to online ways. This study looks at how COVID-19 impacted kids' education and health, trying to fix the problem by offering education and support to the kids and families affected.

Literature Review
History Review
COVID-19 changed the global economy a lot, making everyone go online and rethink how they handle money. This affected many groups (Wilke et al., 2020). Since COVID-19 is new, we don’t know much about its impact on kids' education and health management (Wilke et al., 2020).
Early studies show that COVID-19 changed how money is spent, so some kid education projects don't have enough money (Wilke et al., 2020). Also, taking care of kids' health got harder because a lot of money had to go to fighting the virus (Wilke et al., 2020). But we still don’t know all the connections.

Talking about kids' education has been happening for a long time. People have been looking at the importance of giving kids education since the 17th century and more since the 1930s (Silalahi, 2019). Theorists like Vygotsky, Piaget, and Eriksson made ideas to help kids think and learn better (Silalahi, 2019). They talk about how kids grow their minds over time (Silalahi, 2019), and this helps see how things like COVID-19 affect kids' learning.

Seeing how outside things affect kids' minds is key to helping them learn and knowing how COVID-19, and the changes in Head Start, affect what kids can learn. So, Vygotsky’s idea of how kids learn from others is vital (Silalahi, 2019). He says kids learn best when they are with others, but with COVID-19, kids can’t do that as much.
Piaget says kids need to learn on their own too. So, not having Head Start chances might not be as bad for kids as we think.

Looking at the support Head Start gives is important too. With COVID-19, we need to see how things like staff leaving and people getting tired at work affect the care kids get.

We don’t have enough proof yet about how COVID-19 affects kids' learning and thinking. The virus changed how we interact with each other, so it’s hard to say how it changed kids' learning. We also don’t know how not having Head Start chances affects kids' learning. So, we need more research to see how we can help kids learn better.

Current Findings
People haven't been looking at how to help kids learn and grow as much as they should. Some studies show how COVID-19 affects kids' health and minds in Australia (Sciberras et al., 2020). But we need to look more at how to help kids learn better, especially with Head Start services (Jalongo, 2021).
A study by Li et al. (2020) shows that there are many problems in giving kids education and healthcare with COVID-19 (Jalongo, 2021). But we need to find out more about the problems kids face in getting education and healthcare.

Methodology
To find answers, we need to do careful research. We will look at how COVID-19 hurts kids and families and how Head Start struggles to help them. We will talk to people and also look at numbers to get the full picture.

At least 200 people will join the study to make sure our results are right. So, 132 people will be part of the study. This will help us test our ideas and make sure we are sure of our results. We will pick people randomly to save time.

We will only choose kids aged 2-6 for the study. We will ask parents for permission and look at how kids do in tests and how healthy they are with Head Start. We will talk to parents to understand what they see happening.

Analysis
We will look at what parents say and find the main ideas. We will also look at the test results to see how kids are doing.

Hypothesis
COVID-19 changed how Head Start helps kids, making it hard for them to learn and stay healthy.