Introduction
The words about Intermountain Healthcare (IH) and PC are not very clear and don't explain nursing jobs well, like making patients feel good, helping caregivers, and treating all patients without discrimination. There is no full PC plan at IH, so care teams have to make up their own way to help each sick patient, which might not be very good and might give not very good service. Many healthcare people in the country don't know how to manage pain and symptoms, talk well, and work together, and the public doesn't really understand PC benefits or how to get them. Because the PC responsibilities are so many and there are no clear instructions, some IH healthcare people may forget to do some things while they only do basic things like give medicine. So, a clear PC plan is needed to help give good care at IH. 

Current Policy
Since there is no clear PC plan, most details come from yearly reports and the public website. PC at IH aims to make patients feel good, help with symptoms, support families and caregivers, and work together to help patients reach their goals. But the main focus now is on managing pain and other symptoms like feeling sick or not sleeping well. None of these things are explained well, even the main focus. Nurses at IH for end-of-life care do things like check symptoms, give skilled treatments, and manage the situation. Besides nursing care, patients and families can get help with talking, feeling better emotionally and spiritually, getting medicine and supplies, getting help at home, and getting urgent care. All these details go into a care plan made by the team and the patient based on what's wrong, what they feel, and what they need. But it's not clear what 'skilled treatments' are or how detailed care plans are.

Literature Review
Experts in medicine and law say we need clear PC plans. IH made a computer program to find patients who need PC and see how many get help. The program says maybe 26.4% of all sick IH patients need PC. It will be harder for healthcare people to make special plans for so many sick patients. So, we need one good way to help everyone. We need to change how services are given. Nurses in intensive care don't always do things right, so we need better rules to help. This might be a problem at IH too since the PC rules don't say what everyone should do. So, we need new rules to help people talk better.

Additionally, when there's no clear PC plan, some patients might not get good care, especially if they have a serious illness. But even patients without serious illness can get help from PC before they die. So, we need to make sure everyone gets the same care no matter what they're sick with. Nurses can't always help because they might not have enough things to use. The COVID-19 sickness showed that sometimes nurses can't do their usual job because they have to make protective gear, so they can't help patients like they want to.

Discussion Outline
We need to think hard about why things are like this, what we want to do, and how much money we have to do it. We need to make sure everyone has a job to do and that everyone does their job right. We need to explain very well what everyone has to do and make sure if someone doesn't do it right, they get in trouble. We also need enough people working so no one has to do two jobs at once. We need to make clear rules for nurses on how to help patients at the end of their life, help healthcare people and patients a lot, and say what happens if someone doesn't do their job.

Demographics
The COVID-19 sickness showed that helping people right now is more important than PC. Many IH workers went to New York to help in hospitals during the crisis. But even though the crisis is over, we need to know what's most important to do. This might be hard for IH workers. Nurses at IH need help knowing what to do and what to expect. The sick people at IH will feel the change in how PC is given.

Morbidity and Mortality Rates
Not having good PC might make more people die. There are lots of sick Americans, and this number might double soon. PC can help people not go to the hospital so much and get better care. So, making PC better can help sick people live better.

Disparities Resulting from the Current Policy
Not talking enough about end-of-life care makes it hard for everyone to get help. Even if PC is important, not saying what to do or researching it well stops many from getting help. Making special plans for each person might not be good since everyone might not understand what they need. IH says the hospice program and the doctor need to agree to do any tests or services, so not everything might be allowed.

Cultural Issues
Changing the policy will change how things are done now. If IH workers are used to making special plans for each person, they might not like the new rules. Also, the patient's beliefs about pain and PC should be thought about before making new rules.

Readiness for Change and Stakeholders
In America, people are ready for new PC rules. IH likes new ideas and made other rules before, like Primary Promise for kids' health. Doctors and people who make rules see that PC can help very sick people. The main people who need to know about new rules are healthcare workers and very sick IH patients.

Costs
We don't know much about how much it costs to make new PC rules. But some research shows that PC can help sick people a lot and not cost too much. People who get early PC feel better, and their families feel better too. So, making new rules might be cheaper in the long run.