Coronavirus sickness is spreading very fast around the world because of a bad virus called severe pulmonary and syndrome coronavirus 2, making people very sad and many people die. It started in Wuhan (China) in some sick people with breathing problems. The sickness is a big problem for the doctors and the food systems (Alcendor, 2020). Countries are trying to stop the sickness by closing borders, stopping trade, and making people stay at home, but this is making the money situation very bad. Apart from money and health, it is making many families very sad all over the world.

Some people know more about COVID than others. White people seem to know a lot about the sickness because they have good education and money, while non-white people know less but do good things to stay safe (Alcendor, 2020). Things like race, gender, education, money, health insurance, and political ideas are all linked to how much people know and do about COVID.

Hispanic and African-Americans get sick and die more from COVID even though they are not the biggest group. Many African-Americans died in Chicago and Louisiana even though there are not many of them compared to others. This shows that where people live, how much money they have, and their race are linked to how sick they get from COVID. In New York, 34% of the people who died from COVID were Hispanic, even though they are not the biggest group (Alobuia et al., 2020).

White people seem to know more about COVID than Hispanic or African-Americans, as shown in a study by the Kaiser Family Foundation “KFF Coronavirus poll” done in March 2020. It seems like most White people know more about the virus than Hispanic and African-American people. Places with more Hispanic and African-Americans did not know much about the virus.

When looking at how people feel about COVID, African-Americans and Hispanics have stronger feelings, good or bad, compared to White people. This might be because more White people have good health insurance. Money also affects how people feel, with rich people having fewer feelings than poor people (Alobuia et al., 2020). Education and political ideas play a big part in how White people feel compared to others.

Hispanic and African-Americans do more things to stay safe from COVID than White people. This might be because they have seen more bad things happen from the virus, not because they know more about it. The link between knowing and doing about COVID is not very strong (Alobuia et al., 2020). COVID has changed many things in the way minority groups live and do things more than White people, so they do more to stay safe. In the end, even if they know less and have more bad things happen, minority groups try their best to stay safe and not spread COVID.

Many rules have been made to stop COVID from spreading. These rules can help, but knowing the right things and feeling good about it can make a big difference in how we deal with COVID. It also helps minority groups have more power and be part of important decisions. Knowing and doing about COVID is different for people of different races and money situations around the world. More work is needed to make sure everyone gets the right information based on their race and how much money they have.