Introduction
Movies about people not liking each other and bad things happening are very popular in movies. They use talking and quiet pictures to tell a story. The movie Crash is one example that tries to say being mean to others because of their color is bad. It has many different people who all have their own ideas about other groups and even people in their own group. The movie uses talking and not talking to show a sad America after 9/11 where people don’t trust each other, are mad, and scared because they can’t see their own bad thoughts.

Communication Model, Co-culture Interactions, and Biases in Talking
The movie has many different kinds of people who talk to each other, and this causes many problems. There are young and old people, black, Hispanic, Latino, white, and Middle Eastern people who have different amounts of money. The person who talks first puts the message in code, and the person who listens has to figure out what it means. Culture, how well you know each other, what you think, how you talk, and other things can change how the message is sent and understood. This can make one message have many meanings.

Sometimes a small problem can become a big fight because people can’t understand each other. In Crash, people often fight because they can’t talk right. For example, Farhad is from Persia and doesn’t know English well. People think he is Arab and don’t like him because of the 9/11 attacks. He gets mad at people who don’t think he is American. But he also doesn’t understand when people give him bad news. When a locksmith tells him to change the door, not the lock, Farhad gets confused and thinks the locksmith is trying to trick him. When people can’t understand what’s said, they fight.

But sometimes, how you talk can show if you are part of a group or not. For example, Anthony, Peter, and Cameron are black, but they talk differently. Anthony and Peter use words from African-American English, but Cameron talks differently. This can show the connection between money and culture, and how people see themselves. When a white person says an actor is not “black enough,” Cameron doesn’t like it but then agrees because he doesn’t want to lose his job. This shows how talking can make you feel bad about who you are. Anthony and Peter talk like this because they see themselves as part of the African-American group.

Biases Shown in Not Talking
Besides words, the movie shows how not talking can make people not like each other. When Anthony and Peter walk in a white neighborhood, they see a rich white couple, Jean and Rick. Jean moves closer to Rick and holds his hand when they see the black men. Anthony thinks Jean feels scared and doesn’t like them, even though they didn’t do anything wrong. This shows how people can show their bad thoughts without talking.

Impression and Conclusion
The movie Crash has many fights between people of different races, genders, and money levels who don’t like each other. It shows that even small differences in talking can change everything. It says it’s important to know who you are when talking and to respect the other person’s culture. This can help future communicators understand how to talk to different people better.