The name of the new shop is Smartex Clothes Ltd. The word “Smartex” means doing things that help Earth. The name is special for the shop to show our customers why we are better than others. Doing things to help Earth is important to save nature and make good things. Our address will be like this: Smartex Clothes Ltd. 123 Main Street, New York, NY 10030. [email protected] +1 (123) 456-7890. Cool clothes and fashion are important for everyone. Lushch (2018) talks about how people like to be creative and how it makes them happy. The main point of fashion is to make new and different things that everyone can like. The researcher says it’s good to be creative but it can also make some people feel left out if they don’t have a lot of money (Lushch, 2018). Fashion trends help people show who they are and what they like. It’s like a way to separate different groups of people based on what they think is fancy.
Fashion has two main parts - copying others and being different. Whyte (2018) thinks that copying is not good because it makes things cheap and not special. It’s important to think about how copying things can change society. On one side, it can help people come together from all over the world. On the other side, it can make a gap between different groups of people in one place. Whyte (2018) talks about stopping copying and being real to make better relationships and ideas.
Another part of fashion is being different by making new and creative things. Whyte (2018) says that making new things for rich people is the best. The difference comes from how good people are at making new things, and this can change how different groups of people like fashion. The mix of being different and copying others can change how people live and who they are. The best way to help everyone feel connected is to have some things in common in fashion.
Smartex Clothes Ltd is a new shop that sells things made in a good way to help others. The people in charge want to do things that help Earth and make sure everyone is happy. The shop will have 3 workers - the boss, the person who gets things, and the accountant. The boss makes sure the shop follows the rules in the U.S. The person who gets things makes sure other shops get what they need. The accountant checks the money and looks for any bad things happening. The shop will get help from others to make people know about it without spending a lot of money.
The shop thinks it will sell a lot because it will sell to many people. With at least $5000 to start, the workers think they can make between $1000 and $2000 in the first three months. They will mostly sell things online. The shop won’t spend a lot of money, about $500, and the workers will get money only when they sell things. The boss wants to make sure everything runs smoothly and makes money.
The shop will be in New York, but the workers can also work from home. This can help everyone feel involved and make sure things run well. Everyone needs to know how to use a computer and the internet to sell things. They should also be good at talking to people and working together. The workers need to share ideas and make decisions together to do well. Below is a picture that shows who is in charge and what they do.
The shop will have a plan to make sure everyone knows what they should do. The boss will talk to the workers to see how they are doing. The workers need to work together and be responsible for their tasks. The boss’s job is to make sure things run well. The boss will share important things with other bosses to make good decisions.
The workers will be in charge of the shop’s goals and making sure they reach them. The person in charge of getting things will make sure everyone gets what they need. They will also help make the shop better. The accountant will take care of the money and make sure nothing is wrong. They will also plan for the future and find ways to save money and make more.
The workers will get bonuses when they do well, like selling a lot of things. They will also do things together to feel like a team. The boss wants everyone to work together to help the shop grow. Using technology can help make things faster and better. This can help the shop save money and make more money. Smartex Clothes Ltd wants to sell good things in a way that helps the Earth. Even though it may be hard with fast fashion, the shop will try to find ways to make good things happen. Everyone at the shop will work together to make sure they use things that help the Earth and make people happy. It’s important to make good things that people want at a fair price. The shop will make sure the workers are happy and motivated by giving them rewards for doing well. Training programs will help workers learn new things and make better decisions. This will help everyone work together and meet the goals of the shop. Workers will get bonuses for selling a lot and making customers happy.