I can tell I would read my gene order for many reasons. First, even if it sounds bad, this data can make me worried and stressed, but also I can use time well to stop a bad sickness. Second, gene order results are important for science because they can confirm the most common sequences or find a new one that gives new scientific info for everyone. Lastly, this data can help my family in the future to avoid similar issues in kids and grandkids. But, it's important that this tool is not too pricey and should be for everyone soon. However, we should be careful and study how people feel about the results and make sure it doesn't hurt them.

I found out that genes can show if we might get certain sicknesses and this info can be in numbers too. Most people have almost the same protein sequences, but still get sick (Sanderson, 2018). Different series of genes can lead to many disorders, even mental ones (Sanderson, 2018). Understanding how people feel when they get this info can help us research mental health and genes (Robinson et al., 2019). Sequencing can help study many diseases and their causes, which can help medicine, drugs, psychology, and other sciences.

I visit my doctors each year to stay healthy. I exercise to stay fit. I had back pain and a bad heart when I was young, but I got better in my teens. I think when we find sicknesses in kids, we can look for other issues too. We need to balance age, making choices, and youth when using gene info to prevent illnesses.

This data can help society in these ways. First, we can find out each person's risks for serious diseases to take care of them better. Second, we can understand unknown conditions using genes. Finally, we can learn how to help people who are different, even mentally. But telling this info can be hard for people and sometimes can hurt them (Sanderson, 2018). Also, it's not easy to make sure everyone does something about their risks (Sanderson, 2018). Even if this tool is for everyone, it's tough to check all people, which can cause problems.