Although Lemuel Haynes and Mary Wollstonecraft talked about two different things - slavery and female rights, the main idea in their works was that everyone should have liberty and freedom in a nice society. Haynes' Liberty Further Extended and Wollstonecraft's A Vindication of the Rights of Woman were very smart for their time. Haynes says that freedom is a gift for all people, no matter their race (242). Wollstonecraft, who was a famous feminist, was very mad and said that women should have the same chances as men. She thinks that life can't be good if everyone doesn't have the same chances to do what they want and use their talents. Both writers say that liberty is super important for everyone and means having the same chances, freedom to talk, and being treated the same by the law. If the law isn't fair, people can't have a good life. Wollstonecraft thinks that laws back then were not fair because they let white men be mean to others based on their race and gender.

It's hard to have a good life in a country if some groups don't have their rights. If only some people can make decisions, a group can't do their best. Wollstonecraft thinks women should be strong emotionally and physically to be good members of society. She doesn't like when women are called delicate or gentle because she thinks it stops them from having a good life. Wollstonecraft doesn't joke about these things but is angry that men have strength and women can't. She makes fun of men who are scared that if women get to exercise and learn more, they will be too manly, which is not attractive. Wollstonecraft also thinks that being good at talking shouldn't be a big deal in a society that wants to be good.

Haynes didn't use jokes or mean words to say that slavery is really bad; instead, he said that freedom and liberty are gifts from God. So, these rights can't be taken away without our okay (Haynes 247). Society can't be good if some people are stopped from doing what they want and showing their talents. Haynes says that since we are all the same kind of people, we should all have the same rules without giving special things to some groups (Haynes 246). But not just outside things can stop someone from reaching their goals. Someone's fears and bad thoughts can also stop them from learning and growing. Having a good life is possible if everyone can learn new things and use them because then everyone will do well. Even though being fair and free is good, it might not be enough if someone's thinking is wrong.

In the end, Haynes and Wollstonecraft talked about liberty using slavery and women's rights. Reading their works made me understand that everyone having the same rights and chances is important for society to be good. Thinking about their writings helped me see that strong feelings in writing are as good as clear reasons, like in Wollstonecraft's and Haynes's works. Wollstonecraft was mad at men who stopped her from having a good future, and Haynes was sure that slavery should end.