Large Company in Today's Time

The main idea of Justice Stevens' thought in Citizens United versus Federal Election Commission is that groups are legal bodies that do things and have certain legal protections like people. The state decides their rights and special things they can do (Massey, 2016). Justice Stevens thinks the court's ruling to change a hundred years of rules on money spending in elections by companies and groups is based on the First Amendment's right to talk freely, which only applies to real people and groups.

Big businesses go past the 19th century, but how they exist now and take part in the community, politics, and money rules has changed a lot in the last time that it is hard to understand. Modern social change can't be understood without seeing how companies have changed cultural and social structures (Massey, 2016). They control most of the world's money; they are a big part of the economy and a way to make a lot of money.

The Company's Story of Moving Forward

In 1600, British, Dutch, and other successful trading companies worked under state agreement to get money for trips, make business easier, and fight against others from other states or the people in the places they went to. The British East India Company, a private business, had more than 250,000 soldiers under its control at one time to make sure it became the most powerful in the world (Massey, 2016). The British king, like the Dutch ruler, rented out parts of the empire to private companies.

How Big Companies Change Society

Big companies are a big reason for social change in at least five ways. First, they are very involved in finding new uses for old technology and making new things that affect what we do as buyers. Second, companies have controlled and worked against workers for over a hundred years, saying how work should be done and the rules for jobs (Massey, 2016). Third, how they use money and what they want to do with it shows how big they are and how stable they are.

Fourth, big companies control the world around us with their stuff, services, and ads, and the feelings they make us have to buy things and do more than just buy (Massey, 2016). Lastly, companies are needed in politics, making laws that help them and stopping laws that would hurt how they work as private money-making businesses.

Let me know if you need further assistance.