Ethical and Unethical Use of Secret Friends
Police work and preventing bad actions are very hard jobs done by police everywhere. The goals are to find bad plans and stop them before they become bad actions. Lauchs (2019) says that almost all illegal things done by gangs or terror groups need a lot of planning, so they use secret friends. These friends act like they are part of bad groups but tell the police secretly what is happening, like the FBI (Hällgren et al., 2021). This way of working makes some people worry about if it is right to do or not.

The good things about using secret friends are saving money, working with the community, and getting true information (Fiorelli, 2020). But when these friends do bad things to get money, it is not good (Fiorelli, 2020). Hällgren et al. (2021) say that most secret friends have done bad things in the past, and they keep doing that while working as secret spies. So, the worries about secret friends show that using them might help bad things to happen instead of stopping them.

Good Things About Secret Friends
Secret friends help the police by being part of bad plans made by real bad people. They get true information from these bad people, which helps the police a lot. So, using secret friends to find out about bad actions has many good points even though there are worries. For example, using friends is a cheap way to stop bad things. Bunin (2019) says that most secret friends in the U.S. get rewards based on how good their information is. This is cheaper than using expensive gadgets or hard ways to find evidence. Also, many secret friends in the U.S. have done bad things before. They get lighter punishments for their bad actions by helping the police, which makes it cheap.

Bad Things About Secret Friends
Using secret spies sometimes makes bad things happen more instead of stopping them. Many bad friends in the U.S. do not tell the truth and make the justice system worse. Corruption among cops and racism also make it hard to find justice using secret friends (Hällgren et al., 2021). The story of Randell Adams shows how secret friends can make things bad. He almost got killed in the 1980s because of wrong confessions, some from bad friends working with the police for illegal favors. Adams got blamed for killing a police officer because of lies from these friends. 

The Secret Friend Agreement
There are clear rules for someone to be a secret friend. Some rules include talking with the police, asking for permission before doing anything, not using drugs, not having weapons, being honest, and keeping secrets (Bunin, 2019). Breaking the rule about talking with the police means doing illegal things, while asking for permission helps the supervisor to be responsible (Bunin, 2019). Also, not having weapons is important because it makes it easy for the police to control the weapons. These rules show that there are problems that make secret friends an easy target for bad things. For instance, not looking at a friend's past crimes lets many secret friends keep doing bad things while helping the police.

Secret Friends’ Reward
Using secret information in the U.S. is a big problem that needs new rules. Usually, the police in America give shorter or no punishments to secret friends based on how bad their crimes are (Bunin, 2019). For example, a person who did drug crimes and should get twenty-five years in jail might get only ten years if they become a friend. But if they tell secrets, they might not go to jail at all, as Hällgren et al. (2021) say. But Bunin (2019) also says that many people who did crimes, especially young drug offenders, never finish their time as friends. This is because they are easily tricked by the real criminals who might even kill them (Bunin, 2019). This shows how much damage using secret friends can do to the justice system.

FBI Shame with "Whitey" Bulger Jr
Whitey Bulger Jr’s story shows how using secret friends can make bad things happen. Whitey was a secret FBI friend who did bad things. He led a big criminal group in the U.S. from the 1970s to the 1990s (Trott, 2017). Mr. Bulger Jr got protection for working with the FBI but used that to become a big criminal leader. He killed many people, including innocent people, cops, and other criminals (Trott, 2017). When the FBI found out that their trusted friend was a big criminal, it was a big shame for them. Even senior FBI officers like John Conolly got in trouble, making things worse.

Whitey Bulger’s Death
Whitey Bulger shows that doing bad things will bring bad results. He died in prison in October 2018 because of bad actions (Mitchell et al., 2019). He was in a wheelchair because of being sick when two other inmates came and killed him (Mitchell et al., 2019). Fotios Geas and Paul DeCologero killed Bulger because they hated people who gave information. Bulger’s murder case is still not solved, even though his family wants justice.

Role of Friends in the 2020 Kidnapping
The story of the Michigan Governor’s planned kidnapping in 2020 shows how secret friends can make bad plans. Some say that the suspects wanted to kidnap the Governor to get back at her for making lockdown rules because of the pandemic. But others say that the FBI friends started the plan and got the suspects involved (Beltran, 2020). Some FBI people who were part of the plan are not in the case anymore. The trial is still going on, with lawyers saying that the friends started the bad plan.

The DEA’s 2016 Check by the IG
The IG in 2016 gave advice to the DEA to make using secret friends better and make justice fairer. Some advice says that DEA officers should not use private ways to talk with secret friends (IG, 2016). This is to stop small crimes between the cops and friends. The DEA should also change how they pay friends to stop money problems and bad deals. Training friends is also important to make sure the justice system is fair (IG, 2016). Lastly, the DEA needs to keep a list of all secret friends to be honest and stop illegal deals.