The Gilded Age was a very rich time in the history of the United States. It happened between 1870 and the beginning of the 20th century. The country became very rich very fast. It seemed like everyone could get money and have a good life, but this was not true. The Gilded Age was nice on the outside but had problems inside. It moved into the Progressive Era which tried to fix the bad things from the Gilded Age and did quite well. Many people worked hard to make things fair. In this essay, I talk about how minority groups were treated unfairly in these times, how they tried to fix it, and how these times are shown in history books.

During the Gilded Age, there was a lot of unfairness. This unfairness was in two ways: social and money (Cashman, 293). Big companies offered jobs to many immigrants from Europe and the Far East, but there were not enough jobs for everyone. This made many people not have work. Most of the immigrants were not skilled, and since there were not enough jobs, they did not have money.

Finding a job was not great, maybe just the better choice. Workers in these companies run by very smart businessmen who cared about money more than anything else were paid very little for their hard work. They had to work in dangerous places and if they got hurt, they did not get any help. The rent for homes was high, so most immigrants had to live in crowded and dirty places full of crime, all to chase the American Dream.

Most of the unfairness during the Gilded Age was because of big companies and rich people who wanted to have all the money. Andrew Carnegie, Cornelius Vanderbilt, and JPMorgan were some of them. The money was not shared well in the US, with 1% of families having as much money as 11.6 million people. The rich people cared only about making things, even if it hurt the workers. Stories like Carnegie sending soldiers to his workers are very scary.

In the Progressive Era, people came together to fix the unfairness they faced for a long time. They made new laws to make things fairer. The problem was that these laws did not have enough support to work well.

Loewen talks about how history books do not show the real problems of social classes. In "Lies My Teacher Told Me," he says that there is not enough talk about social classes in American history books. They try to show history in a good way, even if it is not true. This is done to make people believe in the American Dream.

Immigration has been a big part of America's story since it became independent from Great Britain. But in history books, it is not shown well. The books talk about numbers and facts but do not show the real struggles of immigrants. Only the immigrants who became famous are talked about. This is also true for African Americans and it makes it seem like poor people are to blame for being poor.

Loewen says that history books have been unfair to keep the rich rich and the poor poor. They try to show that talking about social classes is not important. Even the laws that help the rich are shown as not a big deal. Loewen says that society is to blame for how history books talk about social classes. To avoid making the same mistakes, modern history books need to show the truth about the past.