Epigenetics is about how things we do and where we live can change how our genes work. Unlike changes in genes, epigenetic changes can be fixed and don't change the DNA code, but they can affect how the body reads the DNA code. For example, when we see twins who look different as they grow, even though they looked the same at the start. As they get older, the effect of things like the environment and what they do becomes more clear, causing changes and differences between the twins. So, epigenetics can help us understand why someone might get a certain health problem.

When we talk about epigenetics and a disease that someone might be likely to get, we need to think about family history and things around us that can make the health problem worse. Looking at everything, the disease most likely to happen in the future is type 2 diabetes. This is when the body has trouble using sugar for energy (Rosen et al., 2018). It's a long-term problem that can be managed with medicine and lifestyle changes, but it can't be completely cured. This idea was based on family history and things in the environment and our behavior.

In particular, if a parent or sibling had type 2 diabetes when they were adults, it's likely that type 2 diabetes will happen in adulthood because of how we act and what's around us, like high blood pressure, too much fat in the blood, not moving much, drinking a lot, being overweight, and other things (Rosen et al., 2018). So, knowing that the parent and sibling both had diabetes as adults, it's important to think about this information. Other possible diseases like breast cancer, glaucoma, and thyroid problems were seen in other family members but they have lower risk factors.

Epigenetics says that even if we have genes that make us more likely to get a disease, we can change the chances by improving how we act and what's around us. Scientists are looking into how our health is affected by things around us and our social life. So, things like our values, attitudes, what we know, and how we act can affect our health. During our life, our health can be greatly influenced by disadvantages we face socially.

Studying epigenetics looks at how we control both disease and keeping the body stable. Since diabetes and its problems are linked to things around us and what we inherit, it's not surprising that there's a lot of research in this area (Rosen et al., 2018). Also, it's been said that there are different ways that epigenetics can control, like adding a small molecule to DNA, changing proteins in cells, how DNA is arranged, and small molecules that aren't code for proteins. These areas are important for understanding diabetes and other problems related to how the body uses energy.

It's important to know that people with diabetes have more complications in small and big blood vessels. Studies have shown that controlling blood sugar well can help avoid problems and their growth. Complications from diabetes can be influenced by how much sugar in the blood was high in the past, which is called metabolic memory (Rosen et al., 2018). Changes in energy can explain why these effects last long, as the things that change the way cells work are kept when cells divide.

Studies on cells and tissues from people with diabetes have shown big differences in genes related to kidney problems and inflammation. For example, Beckerman, Ko, and Susztak (2014) looked at kidney tissues from people with diabetes and kidney problems to see changes in genes related to kidney disease. Also, epigenetics can affect how cells remember bad changes in metabolism.

So, the study on epigenetics shows that diabetes and its problems can affect DNA changes, with the things around us changing how cells work. Because epigenetics is growing fast, we can use maps of cells to understand how genes change and lead to diseases. These maps, which include genetic and DNA data, can help us see how changes in the environment can cause diabetes.

After taking the Living to 100 Questionnaire, it was found that the average lifespan was 83, which is a good score. But we should think about how epigenetics can show that what's around us and our genes can make life not as good. The family history suggests that diabetes could be a big factor. The combined life span for those with diabetes is 74.64 years (Tachkov et al., 2020). This tells us that we need to make good changes and live in a healthy way to live longer and avoid getting diabetes, since we have a higher risk because of our family history.

To be healthier and live longer, we first need to get checked by doctors regularly to catch any problems early and prevent them. Also, we should stay active, eat healthy based on what doctors say, watch our weight, and not do bad things like smoking or drinking too much. Regular check-ups and following treatment plans are important to prevent getting sick early.