One must see that Chapter 9 talks about some ideas on the future and growth of society and the state. Garth Morgan Massey states in his book that many modern people feel sure about controlling things and changing them for the better (p.321). But, only using reason in thinking can help change people's disadvantages positively (p. 321). So, the writer calls this progress and talks about some important ideas about this.
Firstly, he says that different people, groups, and societies may have different thoughts about progress. Some think about big changes, and some just want to live well without many changes. Massey also mentions the ideas of some famous people. David Harvey thinks that people work to get more things to have a better life (p.321-322). Postmodernism followers say that the world today is full of myths, especially in the time of buying things, people get lots of stuff but are not very happy.
Lester B. Brown says the world is messy; past experiences show future actions like climate change, population growth, and more (p. 322-323). Also, technologies take away human qualities. Tim Jackson believes people can improve life without just caring about money because other things are important too (p. 323). Some writers see a bad future only if we keep living like in the past and with nature (p. 323).
Secondly, the author talks about the future of people. People want to learn more about themselves, others, the environment, and the future (p. 324). If we look at real things, we can predict the future well. For example, George Orwell wrote about the future in "1984" and Herman Kahn in "The Year 2000," predicting things like high tech, control, and fast data transfer (p. 325). Massey agrees with them and says people have so much information that only a bit is useful (p. 325). Even governments and big companies have lots of data, making it possible to guess future events (p. 325).
Thirdly, the writer says progress and change are part of life, affected by globalization and how companies think (p. 326-329). The reason for change is not so important; humans play a big role (p. 327-328). Teachers also bring changes, helping younger people grow skills through groups like Teach for America or AmeriCorps (p. 331). Changes need the Government and people to work together, each side should speak up. Social change needs everyone to think about their actions because even small changes can have big results (p. 333-334). People must take part in changes, as everyone can help make a better future and progress (p. 338).