Harlem Renaissance was a time in America during the 1920s and 1930s. Many African Americans moved from the South to the North, particularly to Harlem in New York (Farebrother and Thaggert 77). After the First World War ended, laws like Jim Crow made black people move up North. During this time, African American culture grew a lot in writing and thoughts. Harlem had many black artists who wanted to expand their skills. They changed how they thought, becoming more independent and focusing on their own writing instead of copying white artists. They were proud of their African roots, which influenced their music, art, and poems. Writers wrote books and poems about how people in Harlem lived during that time. For example, Zora Neale Hurston, a famous writer and anthropologist, wrote books that were similar to Harlem themes, with one of the popular novels being ‘Their Eyes Were Watching God.’ This paper will talk about how Hurston shows the Harlem movement in her book.

‘Their Eyes Were Watching God is a book that won awards and was first published in the late 1930s, known as a classic of the Harlem renaissance. This book tells the story of Janie and how she looks for peace. This book shows the Harlem rebirth and its style. It talks about the themes shown in how people in Harlem lived their lives. These themes include racism, freedom, independence, language, power, love and relationships, and humanity. Through these themes, the author can capture and show the Harlem feeling in her book.

The language used by the characters in the book shows a good understanding of the southern dialect. Hurston uses an interesting way of writing by including idioms and special language, which was common during that time. The characters in this book are made in a way that their long talks have a lot of art in them. For example, Janie speaks in a way that is like the people in Harlem. Hurston uses language creatively to match Janie’s journey to find her voice (Rau 154). Similarly, artists in Harlem use their way with words to make art that is interesting to people.

The book shows language as something that can hurt others. This is seen when Jody tells Janie to be quiet when he becomes the mayor. White people don’t like it when black people speak up for equal treatment (Rau 147). Language is shown as a way for people to get along; Tea Cake and Janie talk in a way that shows love, respect, and togetherness. This is also seen in Harlem, where artists use their skills to bring people together. Hurston shows that you can define yourself by how you speak and let others know what you mean (Hurston 224). In Harlem, black artists speak out against racism using their voices.

Even though racism is not a big theme in the book, it is important in Harlem where African American artists are seen as less than white artists. Racism in the South is very bad for black people because of the unfair laws made by Democrats (Farebrother et al. 179). Many black people moved up North because of the bad racism in the South, which had a big impact on the Harlem Renaissance. Black artists are looked down upon, so they focus on making art that is true to their African background. Racism is so common in Harlem that white Americans move away to avoid being with black people.

In the book, racism is shown when a black person discriminates against another black person; this is called colorism. Even though Janie is black, she looks lighter because she is part white and has hair that looks like a white person’s (Hurston 234). Mrs. Turner looks down on Tea Cake, who has darker skin, and doesn’t like Janie for marrying him. Mrs. Turner wants Janie to leave Tea Cake for her brother, who is light-skinned like her. She is another problem that Janie has to deal with before being happy with herself. The book shows racism during the burial of those who died in a hurricane. Black people are buried without anything while white people are buried in better caskets. It is said that no black person should be buried with white people and the other way around (Hurston 205). Tea Cake jokes that the caskets help God find white souls since there is no racism in heaven.

Power and conquering to be happy is another theme in Hurston’s book, which comes from the Harlem rebirth where black artists came to Harlem to make a name in music and writing. Harlem used to be a white town, but whites left because there were too many black people, and they moved further North (Farebrother and Thaggert 204). White people can’t control black people anymore. Black people take over Harlem, which makes them feel happy because they are now living in a town that was made for white middle and upper-class people.

In the same way, Janie finds happiness by learning more about herself and love (Hurston 141). On the other hand, Jody tries to be happy by controlling everyone around him. He wants to make everyone listen to him, thinking that’s how he will be happy. But when he gets sick, he realizes he can’t control everything around him.

Love and relationships are also shown in the book, which comes from the Harlem Renaissance. Many artists go to Harlem to show their skills because there are many people there to see them (Farebrother and Thaggert 154). These artists work together and help each other grow in what they do. Janie and Tea Cake have a good relationship where they respect each other (Hurston 247). This helps Janie grow and learn more about herself. Tea Cake treats Janie as his equal, which is important for their relationship.

Artists in Harlem work well together, but relationships don’t always mean happiness; this is seen in the book and in Harlem. Janie only finds true happiness after Tea Cake dies. She is now wiser and independent. In Harlem, William Grant leaves his band and focuses on himself. He becomes the best artist because he finds happiness on his own without depending on others; this shows that relationships don’t always bring happiness.

Hurston does a good job showing the Harlem Renaissance in her book ‘Their Eyes Were Watching God.’ She includes features of the movement in her themes. Some of these features include racism, love and relationships, power and conquering for happiness, and language. These features help connect the book with the movement. Janie wants to be happy, even if it means losing her husband. Similarly, in Harlem, black artists want to be recognized and achieve their goals despite the challenges they face. Relationships were important in Harlem, and Hurston shows this through Janie’s story. Power and conquering are seen in Harlem where white people try to control black people but fail because black people are free. In the book, Jody tries to control everything but fails because he can’t control nature. So, Zora Neale Hurston shows the Harlem Renaissance in her book ‘Their Eyes Were Watching God.’