Introduction
Milk saving is very important to big dairy farmers all over the world. The milk must be fresh from the beginning to the person who drinks it. Because of this, machines have been made to help farmers and factories save the milk. Things like bad germs in the milk make it go bad quickly (Garcia et al., 2019). The machines need to be clean to make sure the milk doesn't go bad. Also, some machines help make different milk things like cheese, cream, and butter. With these machines, people spend less money and time when packing. This paper looks at milk machines and new technology.

Background
Dairy farms have changed how they make milk, heat it up, pack it, save it, and move it. Before, these things were hard and took a lot of time when there wasn't much technology (Charlton & Kostandini, 2021). Now, new machines make these things easier. Most farms have things like tanks to save milk, machines to make cream, and systems to heat the milk that help keep everything safe. These machines help farmers not lose money because the milk goes bad. They help farms manage how much milk they have.

Technology for Dairy Products in the 1900s
Dairy products have gotten better over the last century. Milk factories have been growing slowly to make foods that have the right stuff for people to eat. Around 1917, farmers started giving milk to people near them (Rankin et al., 2017). At that time, farmers started using heat to save milk from diseases. Machines for bottles started being used between 1907 and 1913. They helped make sure bottles were clean. Most countries started making milk safe to drink because it was making people sick.

The machines couldn't control how much heat was used to save milk. It took about 60 seconds at 72 degrees Celsius then cooled down. The timing wasn't easy because of the lack of technology (Charlton & Kostandini, 2021). This way of saving milk wasn't very good and wasn't used by many people. Another new way was to heat the bottled milk at 63 degrees Celsius for about 30 minutes. This was better because it fixed some problems after saving.

New technology helped make better dairy products. Machines like a heater and cooler helped save milk better. In 1934, a fridge was made to help save milk. Using steel bulk crates helped keep milk safe.

Current Technology
Scientists and tech people are working to make milk better and the things that are in it. In the last ten years, new ideas and technology have been made to make milk better. Some new things help save money, make milk last longer, and separate the things in milk (Akbar et al., 2020).

Milk Tester
Milk has different things in it like fat, sugar, and protein. Milk farms use a test to know what's in the milk (Akbar et al., 2020). The test helps farmers know how much money they will get for the milk. It also helps them know what to feed the animals to get the right milk. This test is fast and makes it easy to know what's in the milk.

Machine to Dry Milk
Farmers can check if the milk is good using a machine that dries it. A little bit of milk is tested to see how much water is in it and how hot it is (Shinde et al., 2018). There's a special powder for the machine. This helps farmers know if they need to fix something during the making process.

Machine to Clean
A machine helps clean the pipes and machines in a milk factory. It uses sensors and controllers to clean well. This helps keep the milk safe (Ledo et al., 2020). Cleaning inside the machines is important because they touch the milk.

Special Bacteria for Making Products
Now, dairy farms use some tiny things to help make milk into cheese and yogurt. These tiny things are good for people and make the milk faster (Rankin et al., 2017). They help make the products taste good without taking too long.

Checking for Bad Chemicals
A special test helps find a bad chemical in milk products. This chemical can make people sick. The test helps farmers find the bad stuff in milk fast (Ledo et al., 2020).

Adding Good Stuff to Milk
Sometimes, milk doesn't have everything people need. So, farmers add some good things to it (Ledo et al., 2020). This makes the milk better for people to drink.

Heating Milk Fast
A quick way to heat milk is used in factories. Machines heat milk very fast then cool it down. This helps keep milk safe and last longer.