Being a big company with many different parts, Coates Chemicals got interested in making fuel because of E10 fuel in the United Kingdom. The company has different parts like food, drinks, and medicine to meet what consumers want. They really wanted to build a plant to make ethanol from glucose. This paper tells about the safe steps to build and make ethanol at Coates Chemicals.

After checking if it was good to build the ethanol plant, they saw that using 10000 terapascal of pressure was cheaper for making ethanol than what the market had. The company was built next to River Trent. They put the plant by the river to save money in case they need lots of water. Making ethanol needs a lot of water (Velazquez-Lucio et al. 2018, 452). So, having enough water is very important. Besides making and processing ethanol, Coates Chemicals is working hard to grow the company in a good way. They want to be responsible to everyone they work with.

One of the goals for Coates Chemicals by 2025 is to use less energy and water by 20%. They will try to use less water by using heat better. Doing this can also help use less energy. They also want to cut the carbon IV oxide released by 20%. They can do this by recycling. Another goal is to have no waste in landfills.

Recycling will help reduce waste and save money. It will also help with making ethanol because some materials will be easier to get. They also want to make a good working place for everyone. Coates Chemicals wants to have high standards for their supply chain. They are trying to make products in a way that is kind to the environment.

The company plans to make a lot of bioethanol from glucose made by other companies. The glucose will be sent to Coates Chemicals by pipe from a nearby sugar factory. The plant will have tanks to store the glucose for five days and four reactors for making ethanol at the same time. There will also be a distillation column to make pure ethanol.

In the end, Coates Chemicals made ethanol using all their skills and things they had. The study they did before starting helped a lot. If they work hard, they can reach the goals they set for the new project.