The school-to-jail tube is a big issue. This means that when students are told to leave school, they may have to go to the police. Mean ways of punishment like being suspended and having police at school make this happen. In 2017, over 230,000 children 14 and younger were taken by police (Meek & Austin, 2019, para. 7). This is very important for kids who have trouble learning and people of color. The tube is a big issue that needs to be looked at because more people are affected by this strange situation, and we need to find ways to stop or slow it down. The current school rules are a big reason for the tube to exist because even small mistakes at school are seen as crimes now. This is called "zero-tolerance," which means getting a harsh punishment no matter what (American Civil Liberties Union, 2020, para. 6). Kids end up in trouble with the law for things that should be fixed at school, like getting expelled for having nail clippers (ACLU, 2020). The main reason for this is the punishment system that lets kids get suspended. When kids are kicked out of school, they miss important class time, fall behind, and might quit (as cited in Kopas, 2020, para. 6). Research shows that when schools are nice places with good programs, they stop the tube from happening (Kopas, 2020). Telling students about this issue and talking about it in class also helps. One big issue is that kids with learning problems face this more than others. Their health problems are often not treated, so they lose interest. Being suspended is really bad for them because they have to leave school, and their parents might not be able to stay with them. This is especially hard for kids with learning issues, kids in protective care, and Aboriginal kids (Hopkins, 2019, para. 6). So, it makes sense that they end up in trouble with the law. The tube also causes big problems with race. Black kids get kicked out of school a lot, like black adults go to jail a lot. In 2014, 33% of suspended kids were black, just like 33% of prisoners are black (Meek & Austin, 2019, para. 12). Schools with more black kids have more suspensions (Nelson & Lind, 2015). Teachers also treat black kids harder and punish them more. Racial bias is a big issue that still happens despite trying to stop it. A big question is how to fix this. People say going back to old ways like indigenous courts, fixing things without suspending, and community-led justice programs could help (Hopkins, 2019, para. 11). To stop the tube, we need to limit police at schools and train teachers to help at-risk students. These things could help to solve the tube problem or slow it down. In the end, the school-to-jail tube is a big problem in our society. It makes kids have a bad time and pushes them toward crime. It's a big issue because it treats black kids and kids with learning issues worse than healthy white kids. There are ways to fix this, and people are working on them to help everyone succeed and not be hurt by the rules.