Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Frankenstein are special books about science and they have many things in common in how the writers used science. Making a very bad creature from a body that was decomposing, it seems two scientists didn't know what science would become. This essay looks at the books of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Frankenstein in talking about science and being true, saying that science is used for bad things.

Most of the scientists who started research didn't finish their studies, like the two scientists. For example, Dr. Jekyll finds Frankenstein's many scientific things interesting even though he stopped. The first reactions of the two scientists to making things are very different. Another message is that Frankenstein leaving his science thing shows that science and being true are different. For example, Frankenstein says, "I was only thinking about magic things and not real life; and I worked very hard to find the philosopher's stone and the magic drink of life." (Shelley, 65). A "creepy creature can only understand some things," and fighting with such powers is scary. When Frankenstein made the "monster," a very bad creature, this saying is true.

In both books, there are selfish reasons for science. By the way he shows his love for his new science thing, Henry Jekyll, not like Frankenstein, wants power and to be very bad. He doesn't really say he wants to make a person to show other things are wrong. The way the two scientists do their research shows a lot about them.

While Jekyll and Hyde like their science, Frankenstein stops his work, saying it's bad. In Jekyll and Hyde, it says, "Utterson, I promise to God," said the doctor, "I promise to God I won't see him again. I promise you I'm done with him. It's all finished." showing he knows what he did (Stevenson, 123). The other two scientists (Jekyll and Hyde) are selfish, but Frankenstein is seen as a good man who is true to his ideas. Frankenstein is also sad for starting the experiment.

What's clear is the doctors didn't care about what they did and people died. Both Frankenstein and Dr. Jekyll do this by not telling the truth about their experiments and getting rid of the evidence. Some of the science things Dr. Jekyll and Frankenstein do are very bad. In the end, both scientists see that even with their science and being important, they can't control life's weird things, like making things.

The experiments help us know the science ideas in the 1800s. Frankenstein stops his studies on making things after seeing he is breaking some rules and trying things that are unknown. Both scientists forget about people and do bad experiments that control them. They want to make a better creature, and they do this without thinking about what will happen.

All science needs rules and being true which both books don't follow. The rules are for all science work. Frankenstein and Dr. Jekyll break most of the rules and being true in science. If they fake evidence for the result they want, they lose being true. Instead of finding real science, they only think about themselves. They go past the rules of science to control people and find the secret of life.

The bad things that happen from the two scientists' experiments show how bad science is used. Frankenstein and Dr. Jekyll make science lose being true. Using people in experiments is very bad, even if Dr. Jekyll uses himself. Using dead bodies for science by Frankenstein is also very bad. Most of their experiments were done in secret, not caring about what might happen to others. This shows what happens when science isn't true.

In the end, science and being true in Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Frankenstein are shown as very bad, leading to a bad experience. Breaking the rules in science shows what happens when people don't follow the right way. So, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Frankenstein show how science can be used for bad things.