The differences between the chances of regular people and those from the Capitol show a big problem of social classes in The Hunger Games. The worst thing that can happen to folks is being used for fun by the rich. Suzanne Collins talks a lot about how unfair it is for the people from the twelve districts of Panem compared to the rich folks in the Capitol, focusing on how bad the hunger games are.

In the story, there are two main characters, Peeta and Katniss, who live in the twelfth district of Panem and have a hard time because of the Capitol. Their neighbors are very hungry and have to work a lot to get money for their families, "District Twelve. Where you can starve to death in safety" (24). Katniss's family is super poor, so she has to hunt in places where it's not allowed to get food for her sister and mom. Their house has no good stuff, so they can't even shower or clean their clothes properly. Also, the people from the twelve districts can't talk to each other, travel outside their places, or buy things they need from other parts of Panem.

On the other hand, the Capitol is doing great while the people from Panem are struggling. The rich folks in the Capitol don't worry about not having food, nice clothes, or cool gadgets to live well. Actually, almost everyone in the Capitol has fancy cars, big houses, and everything the folks from the twelve districts can only dream about. The people in the Capitol are mean and fake; they care more about looks and clothes than who someone really is, "They do surgery in the Capitol to make people appear younger and thinner" (124). So, Collins shows that the Capitol's main goal is to make life harder for the people in Panem and make them suffer (38). The folks from the twelve districts can't even get a good education because the Capitol doesn't want any rebellion or doubt about their power.

But the main entertainment for the Capitol residents is the hunger games, where two people from each district fight to survive. The game goes on until only one person is left alive out of the 24. Katniss is picked to join the games instead of her sister, who was chosen randomly. She and her friend have to fight to stay alive while the Capitol watches them on TV, saying, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor" (78). The worst part is that the rich folks think it's an honor for the players to be seen and helped during the games if they get sponsors. In general, the Capitol only cares about themselves and uses regular people from the poorer districts for fun, where they starve, avoid traps, and kill just to survive.

To finish, Suzanne Collins shows how tough life is for the people of Panem who fight to live and support their families while the Capitol gets stronger from their struggles. The Capitol people think they are better and think it's okay to hurt others just for fun. The fear of the Capitol brings constant terror to Panem, making Katniss a brave hero who fights for her people and isn't scared of losing her life.