Income separation and growth choosing are kinds of unfairness in society that make poverty continue around the world. On the big scale, the policies to fix poverty focus a lot on making the economy grow while the problem of unfairness stays in the background (Basu & Subramanian, 2020). A bigger focus on growth makes the difference in money bigger too because the people with the least money don't always get helped by the overall progress (Basu & Subramanian, 2020). So, the people who make policies are unsure about sharing money equally, and that's why poverty keeps happening.

On the small scale, there is a problem with unclear data about the poorest people because they don't have a fixed way to get money, they get money from many places that are hard to write down (Basu & Subramanian, 2020). This makes it hard to get financial help. Also, the unevenness in schools adds to the gap in how well people do in school based on how much money they have, which causes income separation (Bischoff & Owens, 2019). In general, not having schools where everyone is from different money backgrounds makes it hard for poor students to do well, and not having clear records makes it hard to see how big the problem is.

Discrimination by institutions shows up in how they treat people differently in schools, businesses, and politics. Unfairness in society often starts with how schools give out education (Teng, 2019). This can be made worse by keeping poor and rich students apart in schools with different funding for education (Bischoff & Owens, 2019). Also, institutions usually pick and help people who believe in what the institution wants to keep the group order (Huet, Gargiulo & Pratto, 2020). Discrimination by institutions keeps happening and makes unfairness last a long time.

Aside from institutional discrimination, the way individual people are can also make social unfairness worse. For example, Huet et al. (2020) talk about how men and women feeling good about themselves can make men more important. Bischoff and Owens (2019) say that how much someone values themselves can affect how well they do in jobs, which makes the gap bigger. Also, if everyone gets help from their friends and family, then people with more help can speak up for themselves better than people who don't have much help (Bischoff & Owens, 2019). In general, how happy someone is, how much they think they're worth, and how much help they have all add up to how unfair society is.

In the past, ways to fix unfairness have tried to use technology, numbers, and test ideas. Many reports with lots of information like happiness levels, country wealth, and business success have been made. But just collecting and studying information isn't enough to fix unfairness (Khosla, 2017). New rules about jobs, safety nets, sharing money, and taxes have been suggested; trying to stop people from getting more than they should has been tried but it just makes unfairness stay (Khosla, 2017). Most solutions in the past tried to fix things after they happened instead of stopping them before, and that's been the biggest problem.

Stopping things before they happen, even if it's not clear right away, is usually the best way to fix things in the long term, like with unfairness. Khosla (2017) says that sharing knowledge and skills between and inside countries always makes money and fairness more equal. Countries need to start caring more about society and mix education with what society needs (Khosla, 2017). Making sure everyone gets a good education, which helps everyone be more equal, can create a workforce that helps society for a long time (Khosla, 2017). So, focusing on each person in education could be the best way to fix unfairness in the long run by changing how people think.