In 2014, Sony Pictures had a big problem with computers from North Korea before they showed a movie about North Korea's leader, Kim Jong Un. The computer problem made Sony lose lots of money. Some people even said that some places showing the movie might get attacked. Sony decided not to show the movie and instead let people watch it on their TVs at home. Some people thought this was bad because a big company should not listen to bad people. But, by doing this, Sony could say no to the bad people and also show that technology can stop bad plans.
I think Sony did the right thing by changing how they showed the movie. They turned a bad situation into a good one. Even though bad people tried to hurt Sony by breaking into their computers, Sony made it so more people could see the movie quickly. Some people copied the movie and shared it online, making it easy for everyone to watch and talk about it. This changed how people thought about North Korea and the threats. Sony made a good decision and talked about important things.
Also, there are things Sony and the U.S. government could have done to stop more attacks in the future. Sony could have said the movie was just for fun and not real. But they did not say this at first, and it looked like they just wanted to make money. The government should have talked about how to make sure other companies are safe from computer attacks. Instead of just looking at Sony's money loss, they should have seen the bigger problem of computer safety. If they did this, maybe the 2016 election problem would not have happened. By talking about these things and being ready, we can stop more attacks in the future.
In the end, Sony's computer problem shows why it's important to find problems quickly and fix them. Sometimes, a smart solution that fixes many things might not be the best choice. To stop bad things from happening, the U.S. government and companies need to work together. They can make rules to keep computers safe and make sure they have enough money to do this fast. This way, they can stop real attacks and computer problems in the future.