Clark talks about World War II and how it affected South Africa's freedom. She thinks historians don't know much about how the war and African freedom are linked. She reads old papers from the war time to learn. She adds a lot about women in her history paper. She uses papers like statements and memos to show what really happened. She says not enough is known about South Africa's history during and after the war. She wants to show how unique South Africa's economy and politics are compared to other African countries. She doesn't like the political groups that made apartheid.

Grundlingh writes about South Africa in World War II. He says people don't really know how much South Africa did during the war. He reads old history books and military reports. He says Afrikaners who helped in the war changed Afrikaner culture a lot. He wants to show that South Africa did fight in the war despite what some think. He doesn't like how Western historians talk about South Africa back then.

Smith writes about how South Africa helped the Allies during the war. She says South Africa was important for training and moving troops. She uses memories, reports, and books about that time. She thinks how South Africa treated the Allies shows the country's issues with race. She wants to show the social problems during that time. She might be a bit one-sided about race issues.

Teer-Tomaselli writes about how the media in South Africa changed during the war. She says the war made people think differently because of the news. She looks at news reports and talks in the House of Assembly. She thinks the media changed how people saw things and that led to the end of British rule. She wants to show how powerful the media can be. She doesn't give her own opinions much.

Mwanikii talks about how South Africa helped in World War II and wants it to be recognized. He looks at history books and journals about South Africa's part in the war. He thinks the West should give more credit to South Africa. He tries to tell people basic facts about Afrikaners in the war. He doesn't like how Western historians talk about it.

"The Impact of World War II" tells about what happened in South Africa after the war. It doesn't have a clear idea, but it talks about events. It uses sources approved by the US Library of Congress. It mixes history with social issues and talks a lot about race. It says the war made social and economic problems worse in South Africa, which led to black workers protesting.