Introduction
When something we don't know or a scientific question appears, wrong ideas might come up as people try to understand better and connect the dots. This happened with COVID-19 vaccines, which some people liked and others didn't. Lately, some famous folks like Joe Rogan got in trouble for saying wrong things about COVID-19 on his show. Rogan, who has The Joe Rogan Experience, the world's most liked podcast, made a deal with Spotify to only show his stuff on there (Dickson, 2022). With Spotify feeling pressure to fix the wrong stuff on its platform and do something about Rogan, looking at how the company can win people's thoughts is important.

The Joe Rogan Case
Joe Rogan's podcast is super famous worldwide and has about 11 million listeners per show (Dickson, 2022). If any wrong COVID-19 info comes from his show, it could be very bad. Spotify has a big problem because Rogan had Dr. Robert Malone, who is against vaccines and not allowed on platforms like Twitter, on his show. Malone said bad things about vaccines, like hospitals might lie about COVID-19 deaths for money (Dickson, 2022). Rogan is in trouble because he seemed to like these ideas, and there's more proof he said racist stuff in past shows. So, Spotify needs to do things to make people trust them again, mainly by talking well.

Spotify's Position on the Matter
Spotify thinks it doesn't need to check the stuff on its platform (Holtermann, 2022). This is risky from a public image view. They said they'll put warnings on some shows, which is good but should be faster. Spotify didn't fire Rogan or start an investigation. This is not responsible and shows they don't care about public safety. Also, Spotify doesn't have a good plan to fight fake news or wrong info. These mistakes from the start have made people think badly about the company. If they don't fix this quickly, their problems won't end soon.

The Communication Process
Talking to each other is a big thing that makes us different from animals. Talking is when we share info with others to change how they act (Lecture January 24). Talking is usually to persuade people for three reasons: making good feelings, changing behavior, or making current behaviors stronger (Lecture January 24). So, Spotify should use all three ways to solve their problems.

Communication and Action for Persuasion
Spotify bosses need to deal with the wrong COVID-19 info on their platform. They said they don't have to fix this, but people and leaders don't like that. Some musicians took their stuff off Spotify, and others might too (Holtermann, 2022). Users might switch to other platforms too. This shows it's urgent to fix this. Spotify can start by using three ways to change, shape, and make people believe in them. These ways are ethos, pathos, and logos, like Aristotle said.

Ethos
Ethos talks about how good someone is. Spotify hasn't said that Rogan's show broke their rules. They also don't have rules against fake news on their platform (Dickson, 2022). They need to change this and admit Rogan was wrong. They need to show they care about doing the right thing. Spotify must show they can be trusted. Now, they look like they don't care, which is not good.

Pathos
Pathos is when you talk to people's feelings. Spotify didn't show they care about people hurt by COVID-19, including doctors working hard to stop the virus. Many expected Spotify to say sorry to doctors after Malone said bad stuff about them on Rogan's show, but they didn’t. So, Spotify should say sorry to doctors to show they support them during this hard time.

Logos
Logos is about using facts and logic to talk to people. Spotify removed some of Rogan's shows, but people want more. They say Spotify isn't tough on Rogan because he's famous and signed a big deal with them. So, Spotify should fire Rogan till they check what he did. They must delete all wrong COVID-19 stuff from the platform. They should also stop people who lie because of Spotify's weak rules.

Additional Strategies
Spotify needs to show they follow good rules for companies. They should say how they'll fight wrong info. They need to train staff to check content and hire more workers for this. They should also say they'll use smart tech to find bad content before it goes online. These things will show people they're doing better.

Conclusion
In short, Joe Rogan put Spotify in a hard place. If they don't fix this, they might lose money and trust. Rogan's show is very liked worldwide, but Spotify must make sure it's not hurting people. So, Spotify needs to act quickly and show they care about doing the right thing, using the ways we talked about.