Introduction
Sustainability is very important for people, businesses, and governments. Mason (2022) says sustainability means living nicely with nature and not hurting it. It means people can live without hurting the Earth. I like to help with climate change, which is part of sustainability. I want to help the Earth and be an environment friend. So, everyone needs to help make the Earth better for everyone, even the future people.

Sustainability
Sustainability is about living nicely with nature and saving it for the future (Mason, 2022). I think it's about living well with our Earth and keeping it safe for the future. It's about using things wisely and not using up all the natural things that we need. We need to do things well because it will affect the future. Bad things like pollutants can hurt animals and nature, making it bad for the future.

What I Need to Live
I need air, water, and food to live. Food gives me energy for everything I do. Water is super important too. Polluted water is bad for me. Clean air is also important for me to live. So, clean air, water, and food are needed for me to live.

My Understanding of Sustainability
I want to help with climate change. The United Nations (2021) says we need to act now to stop climate change. We need to stop putting bad gases in the air. We need to use clean energy instead of dirty fuels. This helps stop climate change. We need to do things to stop climate change from happening.

Why Climate Change Matters
Climate change can make weather crazy and dangerous (Ahmed et al., 2019). It can make floods and droughts worse. We need to do things to help stop these bad effects. We need to find ways to stop climate change from hurting us. We need to do things alone and together to help.

Making the World Better
I want to help make the world better by reducing climate change. This helps make the world a better place for everyone. We can help by using clean energy and not polluting. This will make the Earth a nicer place for everyone.

My Childhood and My Dream
When I was little, I saw news about heatwaves in Europe. It made me sad to see people die because of climate change. I want to help stop this. I want to be an environment protector. I want to make changes in my life to help the Earth.

Connecting to Hope
We need to reduce climate change to have hope for the future. We need to make changes in how we live. We need to make good choices for the Earth. We need to be ready for a big change to help the Earth.

Connecting to a New View
We can see things differently to help the Earth. We are part of a big life cycle. We need to protect the Earth for the future generations. We need to make sure the Earth is safe for them.

Connecting to Action
We need to act to heal the Earth. We need to believe we can make things better. We need to have dreams for a better future. We can start by reducing climate change to help the Earth.

In Conclusion
Sustainability is important to protect the Earth. It's about living well without hurting nature. Climate change is a big problem, and we need to help. I want to be a friend to the Earth and help make it better.