Anthrax, a bad breathing sickness, is making wind move out of Midwestern people, sending many to doctors. Sick people are breathing hard and more are getting sick. Scientists start to ask Zeke, who was the first sick person, about what he did before he got sick. Zeke said he started to breathe hard and feel very tired after teaching a music class for 50 people in Chicago. He thought he got sick from a person in the class or on a plane from Africa. The thing that caused the sickness was likely let out at the music event.

The cause of the Breathing Problem in the Midwest
Anthrax is a dangerous sickness from the germ Bacillus anthracis. Anthrax doesn't spread between people. People can't get it like a cold. Anthrax is often in soil and can make animals like cows, sheep, and goats sick. If animals eat tiny bits of the germ, they get sick. People can get sick by handling sick animal meat or breathing in germ bits from animal products. People can also get sick by eating raw meat from sick animals or from bad people.

Situation Summary
The sickness was in different places in the US; Chicago, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Milwaukee. Fifteen people got sick, and fifteen went to the hospital. Seven people died. They went to the hospital with low fever, tiredness, chest pressure, heart beating fast, and hard breathing. Many people have died, and more are almost dead.

Current Situation of Breathing Problems in the US
The US is getting worse. There are many kids with coughs, colds, and hard breathing this year. Rachel Wolfson, a doctor at the Comer Children's Hospital in Chicago, said that eleven kids in Illinois were sick. Some kids needed nose spray, while others were very sick. One kid's lungs were so bad that they needed a machine to help breathe.

Disease Triangle
Anthrax is a deadly sickness caused by Bacillus anthracis, a germ that is found in soil and harms animals and food. The germ can stay in soil, water, milk, and silk for a long time. People can get sick if they eat bad food or sick animal meat. Livestock like cows and sheep are often sick. The germ can live in tough places and spread fast in a person's body.

Ways to Stop the Sickness from Coming Back
People with anthrax on their skin can take antibiotics at home. People who might be sick should wash with soap and warm water. Clothes should be put in plastic bags. Bleach can be used to clean things. Doctors should be told about sick people. Getting a vaccine can lower the risk of getting sick. The BioThrax vaccine is approved for anthrax prevention. Special care should be taken with items that might have germs.