The big war in Crimea in 1853-56 was the first big fight in Europe after the Napoleonic Wars. Many historians liked to study this war. It was Russia fighting against a group of European countries and the Ottoman Empire. They used new technology, talked better, and fought better. The main fight happened in the Crimea peninsula between the Russian people and the British, French, Ottoman, and Sardinian soldiers. The famous parts of the war, like the Light Brigade's attack, were during the fight for the Russian base in Sevastopol. But this fight would not have been possible without the first big battle in Crimea. The Alma battle on September 20, 1854, made it possible to attack Sevastopol and showed that the British and French were better at fighting than the Russian army.
Before we talk about the battle, we need to know what happened before. In 1852-1853, there was a small problem between the Orthodox and Catholic priests in Palestine. It became a big problem between Russia and France. Britain started to like France more because Russia wanted to take some of the Ottoman Empire. In October 1853, the war started. Russia fought the Ottomans but couldn't win. Britain and France then declared war on Russia in March 1854. They went to Bulgaria and then to Sevastopol, a big Russian base. On September 4, they landed in Crimea and started to march. They met the Russian army waiting for them.
The Russian army, about 40,000 people, led by Prince Menshikov, was in a good place between the allies and Sevastopol. The river Alma wasn't very deep, but it was hard to cross. The Russian leader thought the left side was too hard to climb, so he didn't put many soldiers there. The allies, about 61,000, had to cross the river and climb the hills. The French leader Saint-Arnaud saw the mistake and went to the left side. The British leader Lord Raglan attacked the right side. The three armies fought differently. The French used light soldiers and rifles, the British used lines, and the Russians used columns. The French rifles were better than the Russian ones. The battle started on September 20 with the French attacking the Russian left side. The Russians didn't see this coming and lost. The British had a harder time on the right side but managed to win with the French help.
The Russian leader decided to retreat when he saw he was losing. The allies didn't chase them because they were tired and it was hot. The Russians lost many people, and so did the British and French. The French was better at fighting because of their tactics. The British had better guns. The French leader was smart and knew where to attack. The battle was important because it showed the French and British were better fighters.