Introduction
The Big Fight of Ia Drang was the first big fight in the Vietnam War between the United States Army and Vietnam's People's Army. It happened in the Ia Drang valley in two parts on November 14-19, 1965. The fight is famous for the big helicopter attack and lots of air help. This made a plan for more fights by American forces in the Vietnam War. This paper wants to look at the fight and think about how it was planned and what was done during it.

History Facts
On November 14, the 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry, flew into Landing Zone X-Ray to stop an attack on the Plei Me camp. They fought well and after two days, the U.S. used B-52 bombs to hit the other side. The U.S. had good help from their artillery and stopped the People's Army who had many more soldiers. The fight went on until the third day when the U.S. won. The U.S. lost 79 soldiers and had 121 hurt, while about 634 of the other side's soldiers died (Cash, 2001).
After the first place was safe, the 2nd Battalion, 7th Cavalry started to go towards LZ Albany. They met the other side's soldiers and had a big fight for almost 16 hours. Finally, they won with the help of air bombs. In this fight, 155 U.S. soldiers were hurt or missing, and about 403 of the other side's soldiers died (Cash, 2001).

Making Plans
A Way of Thinking
To make a plan, leaders use their brains to think about what to do. They use what they have and what they know to make a plan. In Vietnam, the U.S. started with air attacks and help for the South Vietnamese soldiers. They didn't have a clear idea of what they wanted to do or how to do it. The U.S. leader wanted to win, and they sent some soldiers to protect their airports.

Planning Steps
The plan had three parts: know the place, say what the problem is, and think of a way to solve it. They needed many U.S. soldiers in a place where they could fight back the other side. The boss was worried because the other side had many soldiers getting ready to fight. They wanted to take over the South Vietnamese government, split their soldiers, or make a new Communist area in South Vietnam.

To Do List
The American plan had four parts: make bases, look around, find and fight the enemy, and plan more fights. They wanted to do all this in four steps. The U.S. boss knew the soldiers had to fight not just the big army but also small groups hiding in the jungle. The U.S. had not fought in places like this before, but they had good planes to help them.

What We Want
Goals
Goals are what we want to happen to win. In this fight, the U.S. wanted to push back the other side and keep their camps and airports safe. They wanted to send soldiers into the other side's land with air help for the first time. This fight was important because it was the first time the U.S. fought the other big army, not just by throwing bombs or using other people.

Tasks
Tasks are things we have to do to help us win. In this fight, the U.S. had to take over some places like landing zones. They also had to find and fight the other side's soldiers, so they can move their soldiers and get ready for more fights.

Ways to Fight
How Far We Can Go
How far we can go means how much we can fight without getting tired. The U.S. soldiers were in a camp far from the fight. The boss called for 300,000 soldiers in the summer of 1965. The U.S. soldiers had good help from South Vietnam soldiers. The U.S. planes could fly far and bomb the other side. In the fight, soldiers could walk or fly to the fight. They had to be close to the camp to get more help and supplies. It was about 34 miles from one place to the camp.

The End
The end is when we can't fight anymore. In the fight, the soldiers went close to the border with Cambodia. The other side's soldiers ran away to Cambodia. The first place they fought was close to the border. The soldiers could only get help close to where they landed.

How We Fight
The Middle of the Fight
The middle of the fight is where we get our power to fight. The U.S. had to keep their airports safe. They were important for the U.S. plan in Vietnam. The other side's power was time. Time is good for the other side because it helps them fight longer. The U.S. had to fight fast to win against the other side.

Where to Look
The Important Part
The important part is where we can win the fight. The U.S. boss wanted to hit the other side's power, which was time. They wanted to fight fast and take over important places. This way, the U.S. can win and be safe.

The Danger
Be Careful
Danger is very important when we plan to fight. We have to think about what can hurt us. In this fight, there were many risks. Flying into the fight was risky because the soldiers were close to the other side. There were not many U.S. soldiers at first, so they could lose easily. The place was good for the other side who knew how to fight in the jungle. They used the jungle to attack the U.S. soldiers. The U.S. boss knew the plan was tough, but it was needed to win the fight. The U.S. had to be careful not to lose many soldiers, or people would be sad and angry. The boss didn't tell everyone about the big fight because he didn't want bad stories in the news. Even though the fight was hard, the U.S. boss thought it was a good idea to fight. The U.S. won and showed they could fight well, even in hard places.