In general, the business case for the Centers for Diabetes looks good because it matches what the community needs and what the Affordable Care Act (ACA) wants. But there are risks, as mentioned in the SWOT analysis, that need to be thought about before deciding. This note will talk about the risks for the Centers for Diabetes and suggest ways to make them better.

Firstly, having a health center for the community that deals with their health needs is like what ACA wants. Also, reports from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Healthy People 2030 say we should focus on health issues from a community view, not just an individual view. So, other healthcare places that get money from Medicare and Medicaid in the county might want to do something similar. This is because lots of people in the United States have diabetes, like 10% of the general population and 14% of Hispanic and African-American people.

To make this risk better, we should start telling people about the hospital and the Center as soon as we can, once the project is approved and there is money for it. This way, the community will know about the Center, and even if other places do something similar, this Center will already be known and get visitors.

The next big problem in the report is about money, because based on the checks, the money we get back, the income, and the grants won't be enough to pay for staff and running the place. So, we need to either add services that can be paid for under ACA or find more money somewhere else. Or we can cut costs, like having fewer community workers or spending less on travel to make sure the money we have will cover these costs. But it's better to ask for more grant money to make sure this Center can give good health education to the community. Another way to get more money is to ask the hospital for help, as the community center can help reduce problems and the costs needed to care for diabetes patients. Also, the hospital can send their patients to the center for health education and care, and in return, help the center keep running.

To sum up, this note talks about the risks the Center for Diabetes might face. The two main worries before opening the Center are the risk of other community places doing similar things and the money problem. These can be solved by telling people about the Center early and asking for more grants, or getting help from the hospital.