The big problem from COVID-19 on businesses is shown in the mess that this sickness made to the worldwide supply lines. Mainly, many makers couldn't make things for a bit because of safety rules. Others couldn't bring them because ports were too full, prices for moving things were very high, and containers for shipping were not in the right places, among other problems. Even though the sickness's impact got smaller over the last year when the vaccines came and people got permission to go out of their houses, the effect of this big problem on the supply lines stays.
The biggest problem from the sickness and the changes in business places is seen in small businesses. This can be seen in the case of Amazon's growth, which got better at the start of the sickness. When people were told by their governments to stay at home, most buyers chose online shopping to get what they need. So, the buyers ordered most of their things online, like food, clothes, personal stuff, and other things. Amazon did very well with its way of sending things through its good system of supply lines, while small shops that you can walk into had to close because they couldn't handle not making money for many months. Also, these small businesses didn't have the money to make websites and delivery services. Besides this, Amazon got in trouble for using data from its small sellers to copy their items and sell them under Amazon's name. So, the huge internet store has the power and skills to be better than any small business, which makes the hard competition for small businesses, even after the sickness times.
Obviously, the not being able to get goods from sellers has become a big danger for a business's growth and getting better. So, in the times after the sickness, bosses will need to think again about how supply lines fit in their plans and give more thought to making supply lines that work well. Also, even when prices for moving things go back down, bosses might want to think about where they buy their goods and pick sellers nearby instead of the ones in China or growing countries. This choice would be safer if there's another problem, and with the issues now with moving things that companies are having, the higher cost of nearby sellers can now be the same as the low cost of making things overseas plus high moving prices.
I think these changes in how supply lines work and how buyers act will stay, and businesses should change to get ready for the new problems. Mainly, in the two years of the sickness, buyers got used to buying things mostly online. This is easy and saves time and energy, and it's not likely that buyers will go back to shopping in stores when all the rules are gone. For companies, many bosses had to find new ways to help their work when supply lines were not working. These new ways let businesses do well during the sickness, and it might be that these business plans will keep being used later. So, the changes in how businesses work from the sickness will probably keep happening in the future.