There are three main types of laws in the United States about stopping violence at homes. These laws are mandatory arrest, pro-arrest, and permissive arrest laws. People often discuss which law is best for helping people who suffer from violence at home. Many people, including smart people and regular people, talk a lot about the good and bad points of each law. The best way to know which law is best for protecting people is to look at data about which methods help to stop people from doing violence again.

The main goal of these laws is to keep the person who suffers safe and to make sure the violence doesn't happen again in the family. Studies from the legal system show that only 10% of people who are arrested do violence again, while 26% of those who are told to leave or separate do violence again, and 18% of those who have to get counseling do violence again (Karmen, 2020). The information shows that arresting people helps to make sure they don't do violence again, which is important for keeping people safe. So, laws that say the police must arrest someone when they think there was violence are very important. These laws help to stop violence, as shown by the data.

Also, these laws make the police do all the work of arresting someone. This means the person who suffered from violence doesn't have to worry about getting their partner arrested, which makes it more likely that the partner will change and the marriage can stay together. According to Karmen (2020), these laws are important because they take away the immediate danger from the home, which helps to keep the person who suffered safe. Mandatory arrest laws make married people live separately for some time so they can think about their marriage and what to do next. Many times, these laws stop the person who suffered from wanting to get revenge on the person who hurt them. Taking the person who did violence away helps both the person who did violence and the person who suffered from getting hurt again. The National Institute of Justice says that many states in the US use mandatory arrest laws a lot, which shows that people think these laws work well.