In her book Doughnut Economics, Kate Raworth talks about the main things of the new economy, the problems of making money, and changes we need for society. Even if I want to understand economics, it is hard to read about it. Most books and writings have many hard words and meanings that confuse and scare a new reader. I like how Raworth looks at economics in a new way that can be cool for people who are not economists. It is smart for me to read the first parts and see if I like the book over time. Now, I read the preface "Who Want to Be an Economist?" and the first part, "Change the Goal." Each part has a goal, and I see we need to change some things now to make good changes later.

The start of the book helps me see the big questions and what I hope to learn. Raworth (2017) starts by talking about a student, Yuan Yang, who felt bad about picking economics to study. I have questions about why the book starts with criticism of economics and education. Raworth (2017) says students either leave economics or take it all in and make money with it. I think not many people would want to learn more about economics after such honest words. But the author wants to show that economics can be cool if we focus on the right things. So, I want to keep reading and know more about why Raworth made the Doughnut idea.

The book talks about money problems, student protests, and changing how we see economics, which makes me want to keep reading. Instead of just saying economics is good, Raworth (2017) says we need new ideas to inspire us. I like that she looks at facts about poverty, job issues, too many people, and climate change to back up what she says (Raworth, 2017). I think it's cool to mix environmental, social, and money worries to show why we should look at economics in a new way. Talking about famous economists like John Maynard Keynes, Friedrich von Hayek, and Paul Samuelson makes me search the internet to learn more about economic history. The seven ways to think like a modern economist are interesting, and I want to learn more about Doughnut Economics.

The chapter "Change the Goal" talks about the first part of the doughnut in Raworth's idea. I never thought that having more stuff and ideas would make us happier. Raworth (2017) agrees and says we should focus on what people need, not just how much money we make. I like how she says we should change our goals and make economies safe for everyone. I start thinking about how we can mix human and planet needs into studying economics. Her look at other famous economists in this chapter is a strength. I see that it's not just about sharing a new idea but showing that many people think it's a good idea.

Overall, I feel good about what I read and thank Kate Raworth for helping me understand economics better. It's not always easy to pick economics for learning, but now I know I made the right choice. I want to keep reading the book and learn more ways to think like a modern economist. Even if economics has let people down, I feel it's my job to make things better in my country and the world.