The fast growth of Internet talk tools needs a big rule book to deal with small points about keeping secrets safe and checking by the government. It looks like, besides giving all users' details to the government when asked, ECPA (Electronic Communications Privacy Act) lets checks happen in a sneaky way, which breaks the people's rights in the First Change. Also, some things stop the move towards better rules for online jobs.

First, making a new rule book for electronic talks needs a hard way, as because of the quick growth of talk tools, the rule book can lose its use quickly. Second, the details sent and kept online face a lot of dangers like sneaky takes and steals. Also, Internet talks make a maybe danger for the public, as bad groups use it to sell bad stuff and weapons.

The maybe danger for the public is less under government watch; but, stopping people's secrets makes less freedom and bad safety for people. While not getting personal details about people can lower safety, saying no to secret orders will let people know about the government watching their details. Also, people who maybe want to hurt the public can use different types of talks that are hard to find. So, it's key to have papers for government checks in the new rule book to stop hurting the people's secrets who did nothing wrong. So, the government's worries about bad stuff and crime don't make it right to break people's secrets. It's time to change ECPA or make a new rule book for online talks to match the fast growth of talk tools and give more freedom to people.

Another problem that makes it hard to fix the current ECPA. In 2013 and 2015, Congress had ideas to change ECPA, but they didn't finish it. Even plans to make a friend to ECPA, the Email Privacy Act, helped by 272 friends, didn't work (Pegoraro). President Obama's team said changes to ECPA will mix with the government's law jobs (Pegoraro). By Calabrese, small changes are hard to pass and maybe fight with the FBI and law jobs (qtd. in Pegoraro). So, the plan to change ECPA didn't happen because of long law steps and maybe mixing with law jobs.

In the end, Microsoft's case shows why all news groups should help Microsoft in fights against the US about ECPA rules. The groups should watch over people more to help them because of hard law steps, there's no hope for ECPA changes soon. The main goal is to help people's rights and rights from the First Change, as people's help makes the news groups' money. With more cloud tools and servers in other countries for data, the US has a hard time getting data from big groups. If the current rule book isn't checked soon, the groups will use more servers in other countries to keep people's secrets safe. So, in any way, the government will feel the results of ECPA changes and maybe lose info that helps keep people safe.