The End and the Beginning and Hitler’s First Photograph by Wisława Szymborska are two poems that talk about time, war, and bad things that can't be seen. The poems will be looked at and compared on what they're mostly about and how different they are. This work's main idea is that both of Szymborska's works show time in two ways: telling old stories easily, like the bad things after a war, and not telling what will happen next, like a baby turning into a bad person. 

The End and the Beginning by Szymborska tells about fixing things after a war. It talks about the Second World War, cleaning up rubble, finding dead bodies, and getting stuck in sofa springs and glass. The poem starts with “after every war, someone has to clean up” (Szymborska, lines 1-2), which is the most important part. Wars happen in a big timeline according to Szymborska. She explains how wars ruin countries, and when they end, people stop caring about it. As they start to rebuild, new people who didn't know about the war come in (Szymborska, lines 1-4). Szymborska talks about the new generations who will live in a world shaped by a war they didn't see (lines 39-42). Babies and being innocent are big parts at the end of the poem and will help us understand the main ideas in both of the author's works.

The other poem by Szymborska, Hitler’s First Photograph, shows images of Hitler as a baby and talks about what he might have been in the future as a leader who did bad things. The poem makes us think about what Hitler could have become, like a doctor, a priest, or working at an Opera House in Vienna (Szymborska, lines 3-7). We only know him as a kid in the poem, which makes us think about the past. Hitler as a baby is seen as a little boy with small hands, a little angel, and a lucky person. Szymborska mentions how there were no signs of bad things before he was born (line 13), which shows that nobody is born bad. The poem shows Hitler’s childhood as normal, like other kids in family photos, and how he would cry if he had to wait too long for a picture.