Sula is a book by Toni Morrison, who won a big prize, written in 1973. It talks about African American life and big feelings like love and what is right. The book has secret signs that show how people think about life. One big thing in the book is that some people die in water and some in a big fire. Because of this, Toni Morrison could show that life has two sides. The book is made in two parts, and the end is happy because it talks about true feelings, good things in life, and the deep meaning of sad feelings.

In the story, we see how life has good and bad parts. At the end, despite all that happened before, Sula’s friend is very sad but it shows that there is hope. Nel, Sula’s friend, cries a lot and feels very sad. She says, “It was a big cry, but it didn’t end, just went around and around with sadness” (Morrison, 79). This shows that Nel has many feelings, like missing her husband, Jude. But at the end, she understands that she missed Sula more. Even if people in the city seem to hate Sula, they don’t realize she is the reason they are together.

The book also talks about a sign on Sula’s face, above her eye. The change in the sign shows how Sula grows up and stops caring about what others think. Nel, her friend, likes the sign and thinks it’s like a rose, meaning love and friendship. But Jude, another character, thinks it’s bad, meaning lies and trickery. This shows how people see things differently. The author wanted to show that the world is not just one way.

The end of the book seems sad, with Sula’s death and Nel’s tears. But there is a small light of hope in Nel’s love and sadness. This shows that even in sad times, love and friendship can bring hope. The book talks about sad things like bad husbands, hard life, and children dying. But it also talks about good things like love and being a good friend.

The book makes people think about what is good and bad, and where the line between them is. It shows that life is not just black and white, but has many shades of gray. The ending may seem sad, but if you look deeper, you can see hope in the sadness. The book has different meanings for different people, and it makes you think about life and what is important.

In the end, the book shows that even in sad times, there can be hope. The signs in the book, like Sula’s mark, show that life is not simple but has many layers. Nel’s sadness shows that even in dark times, there can be light and good things.