The new genetic technologies are making people think many different thoughts. Some talk about changing genes in humans, and some worry about what might happen if everyone starts using these technologies. This paper will talk about some important parts from videos, an article, and a film that talk about ethics in genetic engineering and say reasons against changing genes. 

In one video, Paul Knoepfler says that changing genes in babies is like buying fancy things - good price, good quality, good status. Knoepfler (2017) says that soon, not changing genes for kids might be seen as bad. But this is just to show how strong these technologies are. In real life, changing genes can help people be healthier by removing genes that pass on diseases. We need to remember that humans took a long time to evolve, so changing things might be dangerous. 

Another video talks about CRISPR technology and how important it is in science. CRISPR makes gene changes much faster and cheaper than before, so now many labs can do it. But I think this is not good because if wrong people use this, they might make secret labs for gene changes. 

Then, an article by Caplan et al. (2015) says that even changing genes in animals can hurt the environment. They explain how changing genes in mosquitoes can bring bad effects to the population. Even though CRISPR made gene changes easier, we need to be careful and look at the results closely.

Also, people talked about the same worries in movies and books. In these stories, changing genes is shown as a bad thing controlled by the government. For example, in the movie Gattaca from 1997, they show a world where gene changes decide everything about a person. This movie says that using gene changes can stop people from reaching their dreams.

So, while gene changes can help with some problems, we should be careful not to use them in humans because it might be dangerous. Scientists should think about how gene changes might make society split into groups that support or don't support these changes.