The Grand Canyon is very big and special place to see in the world. It took long time to find and look at this pretty natural thing because it is very big. As time went on, the Grand Canyon became very important for United States and Arizona. We need to look at the past of the Grand Canyon to see how special it is and how it can help people in different ways, not just for looking and visiting. This paper will study three articles about the Grand Canyon to show this idea is true.

First, we need to know that the history and culture of people living there are connected to the Grand Canyon. Sara Maverick said that many Native American tribes and miners and archaeologists visited the Grand Canyon over the years. She talked about how the Anasazi lived in the Grand Canyon to stay safe from people who move around a lot. But, because of no rain, they had to leave the Grand Canyon. People still mine for silver, copper, and uranium in the Grand Canyon.

On the other hand, we should look at the earth history of the Grand Canyon and enjoy the natural things there. Marisol West said there are rocks in the Grand Canyon that are 2 billion years old. The Grand Canyon is big because of the earth changes from long time ago. The Navajo Indians still live there, which shows the Grand Canyon is still like it was before. Floods and earth changes made the Grand Canyon even more special for visitors today.

The Grand Canyon National Park talks about the South Rim of the Grand Canyon as very important for the Grand Canyon. There are many plants and animals in the Grand Canyon, like trees and snakes. Even though it does not rain much there, some animals and plants can live there. Visitors need to look carefully to see all the special plants and animals.

In the end, the Grand Canyon is very important for people, not just for visiting. For scientists and people who like to learn, the Grand Canyon will always have new things to find out. Many people will be surprised by the history of the Anasazi and the Navajo Indians who lived and still live in the Grand Canyon. So, the Grand Canyon is a very special natural thing that everyone likes.