In the new world, when all countries are closely talking with each other, big events like war can make big problems for the whole world economy. Even now, the Russian fighting has started but it already made many money problems. The main issues are the higher costs for moving things and the stopping of the whole world's moving system. Also, since Russia is said to be very good at cyber war, there might be a big problem with cyber fighting that can hurt the economy.

Now, the big worry for the whole world economy is that the moving system is being stopped because of the Russian fighting. People who give things from Russia are all over the world. More than 2100 companies in the U.S and 1200 companies in Europe get at least one thing from Russia or Ukraine. But when we look at companies who get things indirectly, the number of affected companies goes up a lot, reaching about 200000 companies in the U.S. and 150000 companies in Europe. So, the big effect of the fighting on the whole world's moving system is very deep, and it makes prices go very high for many things.

The fighting makes a big problem for things like food and materials. Firstly, Russia is the biggest seller of wheat, and Ukraine is one of the top sellers of corn in the world. If these countries can't sell their things, the price of food might go very high in countries that need these things. Secondly, the fighting makes it hard to get metals and raw materials from these countries, which is a big problem for some companies that make things. For example, Russia has about 10% of the world's copper and other metals, and Ukraine is a big seller of minerals.

Also, the prices of natural gas and oil are going up, which makes moving things more expensive and makes electricity very costly. Since natural gas is very important for energy, if there isn't enough from Russia, it could make it hard for companies that need electricity. For example, Germany needs a lot of natural gas for making electricity and things, so if there isn't enough gas, it could stop the moving of cars, machines, and electronics from Germany. When there isn't enough gas, it slows down the making of things in the world, and when oil prices go up, it makes moving things around the world harder. Because Russia sells a lot of oil, many companies are scared about the world's energy supply, so they are storing oil and making the prices go very high.

But some people say that the biggest danger for the world's moving system and money might be because of Russian cyber-attacks. Russia is thought to have one of the best cyber fighting systems that can mess up important economic software. For example, Russian hackers already used this kind of cyber tech in Ukraine in 2017. When they did this, the software for paying taxes stopped working and factories couldn't work, which made many companies lose 7 billion dollars.

In the end, war can make many money problems that are very bad in the modern connected world. Political fights can stop the world's moving system, which makes the prices of materials, food, and energy go up. Even though high prices are a big problem, the main money worry with today's war is connected with the danger of cyber damage.