Culture, like a big group’s ideas, makes some things okay and some things not okay (Tombleson et al. 16). People in different areas act and talk in ways that show their culture (Tombleson et al. 21). The way they talk and act can be different because of where they live. Even the way they talk can show their culture (Tombleson et al. 22). For example, rich countries like computers and writing more than talking face-to-face.

How Culture Affects Lockheed Martin’s Managers
In some places, fighting is seen as good, while others say stop fighting. In the USA, people should fix fights fast (Wilce et al. 243). In some Eastern lands, it’s better to fix problems in secret. Also, where you live can change how Lockheed bosses do things. This can be because of different stuff like not having enough things, seeing time in another way, and thinking about work and friends in different ways. For example, Asian and Hispanic people work as a group first and then focus on the goal (Wilce et al. 243). But in European-American places, finishing work is more important than making friends.

In the USA, younger people often make choices. In some Southern European and Latin American countries, doing what you want is important. In the USA, it’s good when everyone agrees, like at Lockheed. But in Japan, they prefer everyone to agree first. Also, some places don’t want people to show their feelings or talk about personal stuff (Ferraro 72). What’s okay to ask in one place might not be okay in another. So, Lockheed’s bosses need to know this before understanding other people's views and goals. Different places see knowledge differently (Ferraro 72). Europeans like numbers and data, while some African lands like symbols, and Asians like wisdom from beyond.

Thinking and feelings both matter in global business. What wins can show how people act, express feelings, or stay calm (Wilce et al. 241). People in group-focused places don’t show feelings but keep them in. In places where feelings are big, people smile, cry, or yell (Wilce et al. 241). Also, time can be seen as a thing to save or waste. Some see time as always moving and uncontrollable (Wilce et al. 243). So, how Lockheed’s bosses think when working with other cultures can change how they do business.

Customs
In the West, looking in the eye shows confidence but can be rude in the Middle East and Asia. Also, women in some Eastern places shouldn’t look men in the eye (Lee et al. 112). Touch is normal in chats, like shaking hands. But some think touching is rude. Asians are more careful when hugging, often bowing instead of shaking hands (Lee et al. 112). Lockheed is careful, like not kissing on cheeks, as some parts of Europe do. So, how Lockheed does business in Asia can be affected by these customs.

No matter where you are, give people space and only go closer if they ask. Different people see space differently. It’s good not to get too close, like around 2 feet (Odine 55). Some parts of the USA prefer calm looks, while others don’t like showing too much skin (Odine 55). It’s smart to dress right. So, when working in places with strict dress codes, Lockheed’s workers should dress well; otherwise, they won't do business well. Also, if it’s okay to dress more relaxed, they can do that too.

Non-verbal Communication