Shakespeare play Macbeth has been filmed many times by big directors from around the world. This film we talk about came out in Britain in 2010 and directed by Rupert Goold. British people made many Macbeth films. This Macbeth version is not the most watched and talked about. But it has many good things to be one of the best Shakespeare play movies.

The best thing in this film is the actor playing Macbeth. It is Patrick Stewart, famous for X-Men movies. Stewart did great work to understand Shakespeare’s Macbeth. In his movements, speaking, and acting, you can feel Macbeth’s two sides. Stewart shows Macbeth’s power and strength, but also his weakness and fear. I did not know the other actors before watching. One actor I liked is Kate Fleetwood as Lady Mcbeth. She looks very evil and scary because of her cold manner.

The costumes and places in the film are very modern, different from the original. While Shakespeare’s play was in the 11th century in Scotland, the film looks like the 20th century. It is weird to see this “modern” version of the play we know from school. Goold wanted to show the 20th-century dictatorships through an old play. A special moment is when a man watches a military parade, like in Soviet or Nazi times. Then, you see a big room with a picture of Macbeth, like communist leaders.

The costumes in the Macbeth movie match the first half of the 20th century. They look like NKVD officers or leaders in the 1930s. For example, Stewart's uniform and moustache look like Joseph Stalin. The witches wear hospital nurse clothes, creating a scary look. The music and sounds in the movie make it more intense and scary. Screams, loud noises, and sudden sounds keep the horror feeling high. The lights in the movie are mostly dark, showing the characters in black and white clothes, maybe with a hidden meaning.

In the end, the 2010 Macbeth movie mixes old Scottish history with bad events from the 20th century. Rupert Goold made the old play new and made us think about its meaning today. But it seems that Patrick Stewart was more important than other actors, except Kate Fleetwood.