Patients need good care and safety at all times. Hospitals must focus on seven safety goals for 2021, as said by the Joint Commission (Clarkson, 2021). They use new evidence to set goals for the coming year. This data helps with other healthcare projects and learning materials. Some goals of the hospital are listed below. When giving care, use two ways to know the patient. Mistakes can happen during care and treatment.
First, know who the service is for. Use a name, ID number, phone number, or other special ID. Babies are hard to identify if they can’t talk (Clarkson, 2021). A mix-up led to giving wrong milk to a baby, which is very risky. Everyone must use the same way to know who they are treating.
In surgeries and other procedures, mark all medicines and containers coming in or out of the clean area. A syringe is one container, and there are others like cups and basins. Not labeling containers makes it hard to know what’s inside. Errors happen when medicines are moved to unlabeled containers, which can be very bad. Even though it’s risky, many places still do it. To be safe, label all medicines and their containers. This helps avoid risks when giving drugs in surgeries and other procedures.
Lower the risk of harm from anticoagulant therapy. Preventing blood clots in normal settings is not enough for some cases (like surgeries or being in the hospital) (Clarkson, 2021). Anticoagulants are used for different conditions, but the common ones include heart issues and blood clots. Problems with giving, watching, and patients following the plan make anticoagulants more dangerous than other drugs. This safety goal may help patients taking these drugs.
Also, to help patients, they must learn about anticoagulation therapy. Patients should learn from a doctor who knows about the risks and how to avoid them (Saptarini, Sujianto, & Nurjazuli, 2021). Certain anticoagulants are safer when used as part of a plan that involves patients. Make sure patients get clear and steady medication info. Mistakes with medicines can affect patients. Checking medicines means comparing what a patient is taking now to what they should take to avoid issues. This check looks at the name, amount, how often, way it’s taken, and why. Organizations must collect and use data to safely give medicines in the future.