The story of the Piltdown man is a lie told in 1912 to smart people who study things. It was a part of a head and mouth with two teeth that the person who made this thing, Charles Dawson, said was the thing between a monkey and a person (Kaplan, 2016). This thing made the smart people at that time very surprised because it was not true about people growing up. In 1953, the smart people said it was a lie because they found out it was a person's head stuck with the mouth of a big monkey called an orangutan (Webb, 2016). This crazy story seems impossible now because smart people have many ways to check if something is true or not.

It is not easy to know what the people who did this lie wanted because no one knows much about them. The main person, Charles Dawson, was not a real scientist and no one knows much about what he did (Redman, 2017). What we know is that this story shows the mistakes of smart people in the old days. The smart world was a secret place, so it was hard for one smart person to know what others were talking about and how they study things. The Piltdown man story made the study go in the wrong way, so smart people understood that everyone should know about what they find (Redman, 2017). Now, the smart world is open, so any student who can read books from school and the library can avoid believing lies like the Piltdown man story.

People changing over time to become the way they are now is a very long process. The best example of this change is how the brain changed in different people. For example, walking on two legs helped people to become smarter and do things like modern people. It let people use their hands for making tools, picking fruits, and talking to others. So, in my opinion, the brain changing was the main reason why people became like they are now.

One big question about how people changed over time is how smart people know what happened thousands of years ago. Let's talk about how Neanderthals learned to use fire. Smart people looked at burnt things from long ago to know when people started using fire (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). They looked at the color and shape of burnt things to get an idea of when the fire happened (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). Some people think that people in Kenya were the first to use fire (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). They found that the fire was very hot, hotter than natural fires. The newest study said that some places in Spain had people using fire between 500,000 to 780,000 years ago (Rosell & Blasco, 2019, p. 4). This shows that smart people have better ways to study things now.

Using fire helped people become smarter over time. At first, people used fire to cook food. Later, they used fire for making things like metal and crafts that need heat. Doing these things helped people think better and do more complex things. If people took longer to learn how to use fire, their brains would not have changed so much over time.