It is important to know that there are many reasons that can make a boss feel inspired, both from personal and company viewpoints. For the personal side, it includes things like investing in yourself, growing as a person, getting recognized, and achieving goals. On the company side, fairness is very important for keeping people motivated. If workers feel like things are not fair, they might not feel motivated. Dan Pink says there are very important inner reasons that can make us want to work, like being able to do things on our own, getting better at what we do, and having a purpose (TED, 2009). Also, there are outside reasons that can make us want to work, like getting rewards, money, and bonuses.

The main ways to make people feel inspired, which have been used for a long time in managing, include systems based on giving rewards, like praise for good work and punishment for bad work. But recent discoveries in the field of motivation show that for most people, it is better to let them make their own choices, like having special days off, allowing flexible work hours, or letting them work on personal projects for some time (TED, 2009). I like the idea of having autonomy because it lets me work in my own way. Then work doesn't feel like something I have to do, it feels like I am a trusted professional that my boss believes in.

If I were the boss of a new company with not a lot of money or resources, I would make sure to pay my employees a fair amount based on what others in the industry get. But giving good pay won't be the main reason why people want to work for me. I will attract talented people by letting them make their own choices and have a clear purpose. For jobs that don't need people to be in the office all the time, I will make it so they only have to come to work half the time compared to normal jobs because having freedom is a big motivator for creative jobs (TED, 2009). Also, I will encourage employees to spend 25% of their time working on personal projects they like.