History Overview

Many religions are in Brazil because of the Portuguese coming. People think that the first religion was Catholicism. The start was in 1500, with the Catholic Mass. Brazil had a hard time with the new religion because of the strong colonization. Things like missionaries and schools helped make Catholicism strong. Even with the strong influence, they still mixed old beliefs with Catholicism.

Catholicism was in Brazil for 200 years. By 1551, they had their own area for the church and a head bishop. By the end of the 1600s, Bahia was the main place for Catholicism, and then other places like Rio de Janeiro, Pernambuco, and Maranhão. Bishops and holy people brought the country together. While this was happening, the people of Brazil wanted freedom from the colonizers. They got their freedom in 1822, and then made rules to give rights to people and let them pick their religion. This made Catholicism the main religion and protected it by law. In 1889, Brazil became a republic and the Church and state split.

Until 1930, the Catholic Church controlled many parts of people's lives. They talked about things in public and told people how to live privately. In the 1930s, they helped a strong leader, bringing the Church back as a big part of life. After World War II, Catholicism started to lose its power. People could now learn different things in schools, so the Church's schools weren't as important. The times of military control in the 1960s and 1980s caused problems for the people and the Church. By the end of the 1900s, different groups in Catholicism had different ideas about society. The Church has become less important because of politics and disagreements.

Current Situation

Brazil has many religions now, like Protestantism, Orthodox Christianity, small groups, and Catholicism. About two-thirds of people are Catholic, and it affects things like politics a lot. Some political parties have Christian beliefs in their ideas. For example, the Christian Workers Party started in 1985 and is conservative. The Social Democratic Christian Party is for more right-wing ideas. Politicians talk about their beliefs, which can make arguments in elections.

Another side of religion in Brazil is discrimination. Even though Brazil is said to be tolerant, not all religions are treated the same. Some minority religions face problems. The government says people should have freedom of religion, but some religions are treated badly. There are groups trying to help these situations.

There are almost 300 churches in Brazil with different levels of organization. Churches can affect how people think and cause new problems. Even though religion and politics are uncertain, education from the Church is still supported. More than 30 universities are linked to the Catholic Church. One of the best private universities is the Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais, which focuses on education and including everyone.

Catholicism has lost power to other religions because of competition. Protestantism is growing, especially the Pentecostals, who are about 22% of the population. In the 2000s, religion is coming back strong in Brazil. New religious groups, especially the Protestants, will be important in the future and might challenge the Catholic Church.