Summary
The research was about how important nurses are in stopping diagnosis mistakes. The researcher looked at how much nurses help with diagnosing based on reading many research papers. Then, they gave an idea of how hospitals can lower diagnosis mistakes. They made a plan to help nurses be more involved in diagnosing. After that, they showed what happened when they used the plan. From reading about theories, the researchers made a big plan for nurses to be more involved in diagnosing called the tripartite framework (Baker et al., 2017). The plan had three important parts: teamwork, patient power, and nurses spotting signs (Baker et al., 2017). They used the plan and found less mistakes, more time for diagnosing, and safer patients (Baker et al., 2017). The plan also said how patients and nurses are important in diagnosing.

They tested the plan in a hospital. The results helped find four problems that make it hard for nurses to be involved: culture, education, rules, and how things work (Baker et al., 2017). The researchers also suggested solutions to these problems. People think it’s a problem for nurses to help with diagnosing. But the research showed nurses need to be part of diagnosing to make good relationships with patients and doctors.

Different hospitals started letting nurses help with diagnosing. The researchers showed examples and found that patients were happier and made fewer medicine mistakes (Baker et al., 2017). They suggested hospitals should make rules that nurses can help more. To help with education, hospitals should teach nurses about diagnosing (Baker et al., 2017). Also, schools should teach students from different fields together. The problem with how things work can be fixed by having enough nurses and not changing them often (Baker et al., 2017). Rules about nursing practice are also a problem. Researchers showed that when some states made new rules, patients were happier (Baker et al., 2017). Even if some problems are hard, using the plan should help reduce mistakes in diagnosing.

Variables and Theory
The researchers did experiments to show that their ideas were good. They used these ideas to lower risks of wrong diagnosing. They combined their plan results with other experiments to make the plan better. The plan gave clear steps to help nurses be more involved in diagnosing. Because the plan was detailed and easy, it was easy to use in a hospital. But will it work in different situations?