Seasonal Agriculture Worker Program (SAWP) is a program that allows Canadian farmers to hire workers from the Caribbean and Mexico during planting and harvest times. Workers get visas for a short time. The workers have problems at work. Many workers face bad treatment, and it is important to see how SAWP affects Caribbean and Mexico workers and find a good solution.

There are many issues in SAWP that need fixing. For example, workers work long hours and get low pay. The work conditions are bad, but when workers complain, nothing changes. Also, where the workers stay is too crowded, and workers feel mistreated. They don't have enough medical supplies, and they don't care about COVID-19, so they get sick.

Not having enough masks and sanitizers makes the work unsafe. Workers stay in bunkhouses that are full of people, so they are close together, which makes getting sick with COVID-19 more likely. Many workers are old, and they get sicker than young people. For example, Juan Lopes Chaparro, who was 55 years old, died from the virus when he got sick on the farm. His family in Mexico is now without help.

Reading about these things makes me feel sad. I feel bad for the workers. It is cruel to treat people this way. Hearing about COVID-19 deaths is scary. I can't believe that such bad working conditions exist in today's world, where most people have access to medicine and masks.

There are reasons why farmers hire migrant workers. They cost less than Canadian workers. Also, migrant workers can't find jobs in their countries, so they come to work here. Many articles show how workers are mistreated. Some workers don't speak English well and are not educated, so employers can trick them.

Some people say workers should have more rights and resources. Canada is starting a program to stop bad workplaces. It might help to have checks on how workers are treated. Many people want to help workers, like volunteers. They can report bad conditions if workers can't speak English. Volunteers can help by checking workplaces, getting feedback, and offering support.