As someone reads the Gospel, they may see differences and sometimes even things that don’t match between the words. On the other hand, some stories in the Gospels are exactly the same, as if one person wrote them again. This thing is called the synoptic problem in the scientific study of the Bible and people have looked at it for a long time. The works of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John Chris from the four Gospels are called synoptic (Bakker & Jong, 2021). These four texts have a lot of the same things in them, which we will talk about in this paper.

To start, we should talk about what Matthew, Mark, and Luke have in common. In simple words, the ways they are similar and different can be explained like this. Some things that Jesus did and said are told by all three writers, while some are only told by two or one of them. Scholars think that each writer has things that are the same with the other two or with one of them and also things that are only in their writing (Bakker & Jong, 2021). For example, about 30 verses in Mark’s Gospel are only in that book out of more than 650. So, more than 600 verses from Mark are in Matthew and Luke. Together, Matthew and Luke have around 240 verses. In Matthew, about 1/6 is not in the other Gospels, and in Luke, about 1/4 (Farrugia, 2020). It’s interesting that the parts only in Matthew and Luke are mostly about what Jesus said, not what He did. The differences in the writings of the Evangelists come from them following different ways of telling stories.

For instance, Matthew and Luke tell one kind of story about the workers in the vineyard, but Mark tells a different one. In John Chris’s Gospel, many things about what Jesus did and said are only in that book. This doesn’t mean there’s no connection between John and the others, but it’s not clear. Important parts like Jesus talking to Nicodemus and the Samaritan woman, the talk about the bread from heaven, and raising Lazarus are just in John (Gathercole, 2020). They are special and very important, with lots of details, unlike how the Synoptics tell things. Also, there are differences about when Passover happened and the apostles’ communion in the Last Supper. All of this makes scholars think about how John’s Gospel is related to the Synoptics beyond the synoptic problem.

In short, the writings of Matthew, Mark, and Luke are mostly alike. They have different ways of explaining and telling stories (Norouzi & Jalali, 2020). John Chris’s writings are very different because they have parts that are only in that book. Still, they have some things in common, like telling important stories, which all four writers do.