The theme of school is not at the center but is very connected in both “Everyday Use” by Alice Walker and “Sonny’s Blues” by James Baldwin. Studying this theme in two small stories showed that Baldwin put more attention to school compared to Walker. Still, both stories have similar ideas, subjects, and thoughts about school. Both stories show and talk about how school being there or not affects the lives of the characters.

These small stories talk about siblings: Walker’s story is about two sisters while Baldwin talks about the life of two brothers. In both stories, one sibling finished high school while the other did not go to school. So, it seems that the stories want to compare the lives and smarts of siblings. At first, in both stories, the authors stress the success connected to school and the need to go to school. Sonny’s brother says that Sonny will “be sad later” if he doesn’t finish school (Baldwin 34). Sonny’s brother wanted to say that school was the only way to do well and forget the bad past; that’s why finishing school was a rule that the narrator made for Sonny (Baldwin 34). On the other hand, Mama, the one who tells the story in “Everyday Use”, talked about “a lot of things we didn’t really need to know,” talking about her daughter Dee’s school (Walker 50). She didn’t make school sound too important because she didn’t go to school but had a lot of good knowledge and skills.

It’s interesting that in both stories, the siblings without school seem smarter and know more about certain things and problems. Before, school might make someone think they are smarter, making them think their knowledge and skills are more important than they really are. In the stories, school was seen as a special thing, and those who could go to high school and finish seemed to think they had the right to judge people who weren’t as lucky. Stories by Walker and Baldwin showed the truth: some skills, knowing about the world, everyday human experiences, and understanding life can’t always be learned in high school.