Executive Summary
Toyota Motor Manufacturing UK should look at the United Arab Emirates as its next market. After checking the big picture of the country, it seems nice for the company. The country has a good government, a growing economy, and well-built roads (Guéraiche, 2019). Also, since many people in the UAE have jobs, they can maybe buy a Corolla Hybrid car. So, Toyota can think about working together, sending stuff, or investing in the country. But to be safer, the company should study more and make better products.

Introduction
Toyota making cars in the UK is important. They make a lot of cars that are sent to other places. The company started in 1989 to make sure Toyota stays popular (Toyota Motor Manufacturing UK, 2022). It's in Derby and makes cars. They have over 2,725 people working there and sell about $3 billion of stuff. One special car they make is the Corolla Hybrid, which people like a lot (Germain Toyota of Columbus, 2022). So, going to the UAE is a good idea to be better than others.

Analysis and Discussion
The Core Product of the Company
The main car Toyota UK makes is the Corolla Hybrid. It's a new kind of Corolla that runs on both gas and electricity. This makes it use less gas and be better for the environment (Germain Toyota of Columbus, 2022). The car has cool features like a smart key and safety stuff. With these things, people will want to buy it more.

Figure 1: Corolla Hybrid from (Germain Toyota of Columbus, 2022)
PESTEL Analysis Model
PESTEL is a tool that helps look at the big picture of a business. It helps see what can change in the world (Madsen and Grønseth, 2022). This tool is good for companies to know what's going on outside. It helps them deal with changes better. But it doesn't say everything, like how many other companies are there. Still, PESTEL is useful for knowing about the outside of a company.

Political Factors
The UAE has a good government that doesn't change a lot. It's made up of different parts, each with a leader. The main city is Abu Dhabi, where the government does a lot. The UAE is famous and has many friends around the world (Guéraiche, 2019). Toyota UK can do well here.

Economic Factors
The UAE is a rich country that sells many things outside. It has a big economy and sells lots of stuff to other countries. Most of what it buys comes from China, India, Germany, the UK, and Turkey. Toyota UK can sell its Corolla Hybrid easily in the UAE. The country being rich is good for Toyota.

Social Factors
The UAE has many people from different places. They live together and share different things. This makes the country a nice place for businesses to work. The people in the UAE like nice things and want to show off. They also like to learn more. The country has many workers from other countries, which makes it a good place for business.

Technological Factors
Technology is big in the UAE. People there like to use technology to do things. Companies can use technology to sell stuff in the UAE. The government has put a lot of money into technology, which helps companies work better. The UAE is ready for new technology and companies can use it to do their work.

Environmental Factors
The UAE is a nice place with many visitors. But the country also has problems with the environment. Many people coming and going make the air dirty. The government is working to fix this and make the country cleaner. Companies need to think about the environment when they work in the UAE.

Legal Factors
The laws in the UAE are strict and keep people safe. The country is run by a king who makes sure everyone follows the rules. Workers have limits on how much they can work and they are safe from crime. The laws in the UAE help businesses work well.

The Analysis of The PESTEL Model In UAE
Toyota should come to the UAE because it's a good place for business. The UK might have some problems soon, so going to the UAE can help Toyota. The country is doing well and has a lot of chances for companies. The government in the UAE wants to help businesses grow. So, the UAE is a good choice for Toyota.

Porter’s Five Forces
Porter's five forces help companies see what's happening outside. It shows how many people want to buy, how hard it is to find things, and how many other companies are there. This helps companies make good choices. Toyota can see if people in the UAE will buy its cars and if it has many rivals.

Other Factors to Consider When Analyzing UAE
Having enough workers and good roads are important for companies. The UAE has good roads and buildings that help businesses. The government in the UAE has spent a lot to make things better. Companies in the UAE can do their work well because of the good roads and buildings.

The Appropriate Strategies for Entry into UAE
Exporting, foreign direct investment, and joint ventures are good ways for Toyota to go to the UAE. Each way has good and bad things, but Toyota can choose what works best. Toyota should think about the risks and be ready for them. Doing research and making good products can help Toyota be safe.

Recommendations
Toyota should make a team to help them go to the UAE. The team should know about the UAE and be ready for what's there. Toyota can start by sending cars to the UAE and see how it goes. Then, they can decide if they want to invest more or work with others. Toyota should be ready to spend more money in the UAE to do well.

Conclusion
The UAE is a good place for Toyota to sell its cars. The country is nice and people there can buy cars. Toyota can go to the UAE by working with others, sending cars, or investing. But Toyota should be careful and study more to be safe. Doing research is important for Toyota to make good choices and do well in the UAE.