Social isolation makes people and animals act differently. Cho et al. (2017) did a study on how running on a treadmill affects feeling sad. They looked at girl and boy Sprague-Dawley rat babies who were alone. The researchers followed the rules from the National Health Institute and Korean Medical Sciences Academy. The first day was called day 0, and the rats were split into four groups: alone, normal, running alone, and running with others (Cho et al., 2017). The alone rats stayed by themselves, but the running and normal rats stayed with their moms. Each day, all rats got a shot of 5-Bromo-2′-deoxyuridine (50-mg/kg BrdU) (Cho et al., 2017). This happened when they were 21 to 26 days old before starting to run on the treadmill.

The researchers used different things to do the study. The rat babies ran on the treadmill every day for 30 minutes from day 21 to day 34. They also had to swim to see if they were feeling sad. The rats were put to sleep with Zoletil 50 to get ready for the tests (Cho et al., 2017). When they didn’t get a response, the researchers used some solutions. Cho et al. (2017) say they looked at certain cells in the brain and spine using a special light. They also checked for new cells in the brain. The researchers found some proteins in the rats and used a special liquid to see them. They checked if the groups were different using some tests.

The sad feeling was looked at through swimming. The alone rats stayed still longer than the normal rats. Running on the treadmill made the alone rats move more. The normal rats moved more than the alone rats. The treadmill helped the alone rats move more. Cho et al. (2017) say the alone rats had fewer cells in their brain and spine compared to the normal rats. The running and alone rats had more of certain cells compared to the alone rats.

Also, the normal rats had more new cells in their brain compared to the alone rats. Running helped the alone rats make more proteins in their brain. Cho et al. (2017) think that running on the treadmill helps make new brain cells and makes feeling sad less. To sum up, exercising is important because it helps make new cells and keeps the brain healthy. Making new brain cells is linked to feeling less sad. Exercising is helpful for people and animals because it can make them feel less sad. The brain making new cells is linked to feeling less sad with medicine. Making new brain cells is really important for how medicine works.