Major League Baseball (MLB) player Tyler Skaggs passed away a few years ago. He was discovered in his team's hotel room in Texas, having trouble breathing because of his vomit, on July 1, 2019 (Wagner, 2021). The main reason for his death was decided as "being poisoned by the substances," such as fentanyl, oxycodone, and alcohol (Wagner, 2021, para. 8). Fentanyl is a strong painkiller, which is much stronger than morphine and heroin (Han et al., 2019). This painkiller is often used in hospitals to help patients with severe pain from cancer and surgery. However, it is sometimes used outside of hospitals and can cause deadly overdoses. The story of Tyler Skaggs reminds us of the big problem in the United States today – the opioid crisis.

The deaths related to opioids are not new, and one reason is illegally made and sold opioid drugs. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is in charge of lowering the amount of opioids produced every year since 2017 (Schatman & Wegrzyn, 2020, p. 2629). According to the DEA's report in 2020, the overall opioid production in the country has gone down by 53% since 2016 (Schatman & Wegrzyn, 2020, p. 2629). However, the number of deaths from opioid overdoses keeps going up, and Skaggs's death is one of those cases. Because the baseball player did not get the drugs from a doctor, the DEA started to look into his overdose and where the drugs came from.

The DEA looks after the health and safety of American communities. That's why the organization is checking into Skaggs's death. The main aims of the DEA are to find and stop the sources of illegal drugs and lessen drug-related violence (DEA, 2021). Also, it wants to support local efforts to prevent drug use and bring fairness to families whose loved ones died because they didn't know what drugs they were taking (Nishida, 2021). So, the DEA made the Overdose Justice Task Force to look into deaths linked to opioids, many of which were due to fentanyl (Nishida, 2021). Since Skaggs's death was also from a fentanyl overdose, the DEA got involved and started investigating.

Even though we know why the DEA is interested in Skaggs's death, we don't know how it's involved yet. Federal law enforcement officers talked to other teammates, friends, and family of the player, trying to figure out how he got the drug. They found fentanyl in many places, "even in marijuana" (Quinn, 2019, para. 5). So, the DEA worked with police to lessen the production of opioids in the country and deaths linked to drugs. Their investigation led them to Eric Kay, who worked with the baseball team Skaggs played for. He was accused of giving Skaggs fake drugs with fentanyl that caused the player's death, and also distributing oxycodone and fentanyl since 2017 (Castillo, 2022). Even though Kay's guilt has not been proven, the DEA's help in this case is important.

Skaggs's death shows us the opioid crisis in the U.S. This case tells us that the opioid problem is a big issue connected with the government's lack of awareness or unwillingness to solve it. According to Fischer et al. (2020), fake synthetic opioid drugs, like fentanyl, have been around in the last five years. They are given out as fake prescriptions mixed with other drugs. This makes it hard for both people and the police to know where these drugs come from. That's why the number of deaths from opioids in the United States went up by 300% between 2013 and 2017 (Fischer et al., 2020). Most deaths from opioids involve fentanyl, which is why we call this crisis a "fentanyl epidemic" (Fischer et al., 2020, p. 2). The U.S. government needs to learn how these drugs are made and find the people making and selling them to solve this issue.

The opioid crisis is a big problem in society, and everyone should try to fix it. In Skaggs's case, his friends and family didn't talk about any drug problems before he died. Also, MLB had never checked their players for opioid use before this case, and they only started this testing five months after Skaggs's death (Castillo, 2022). We wonder: why didn't MLB look into this problem earlier? Did they not see that Skaggs was in pain and needed painkillers? We need more research to answer these questions and find out who is responsible for Skaggs's death.

The opioid crisis is a national problem that needs to be handled quickly. These days, people can easily get both legal and illegal opioid drugs, which leads to misuse, overdoses, and death. If the DEA wants to change this, they should work with police and make stricter rules for prescriptions of opioid drugs. Also, state and federal governments and health groups should deal with this crisis by improving laws and rules and focusing on preventing pain, not just treating it. Finally, illegal synthetic opioid drugs coming into the U.S. from other countries should be stopped.