Over last year and half, changing and growing in nursing job very important because of big sickness happening worldwide. People who help sick people and sick people themselves need to do care in different way now. This make many questions about what is right and wrong to do. Now I try my best to use class stuff to find answers and fair ways to do care, but what I learn most is that solving problems in fair way not easy.
One time, a patient asked me if hospital has rule to not meet face-to-face during sickness time and use video instead. I ask my boss, who tell me that at that time, we cannot use video because not safe for patient information and we don’t have right video software. After this, I think a lot about what it means to use video instead of meeting in person for medical check.
Some people think it is good to watch patients by video because less chance to get sick with big sickness. It is normal for health care to find new ways to help sick people. For example, one study by Shaw et al. (2020) compared video talks with real talks. They find out that video talks can change how people talk and trust each other, but overall, using video is good (Shaw et al., 2020). So, it is likely that more doctors will talk to patients by video in future. So, hospitals need to make sure video talks are safe and don’t share too much information.
But some people worry about using video too much. One big worry is that doctors and patients will forget how to meet in person for medical check. If many people use video, they may not want to meet in person anymore. Some researchers say that meeting in person is best way to care for patients (Solimini et al., 2021, p. 2).
Also, using video for medical help has other problems like getting permission from patients and being fair to everyone. Many patients agree to use video without knowing all the problems and risks. Using video can also make some people feel left out and not equal because not everyone can use video for medical help.
So, when we think about all this, it is clear that nursing and medicine need to think hard about changes in health care. For every good reason to use video for care, there are also many reasons why it might not be good. So, we need to think carefully about new technology to care for people in good way.