Being big company, Walmart must think about many ways to enter new markets. It is hard to enter new places because there are already many other businesses there. But Walmart is big, so it has power when it goes to a new market. But even Walmart can have problems with different rules, money things, and culture differences in new places. So, it is not good to use the same plan for all markets. I agree with Walmart choosing different ways to enter new markets.

A joint venture is when two companies share risks and money together. Companies do this when it is too risky to start alone in a market. This is common in new markets like India. India is growing, but there are risks with taxes, rules, and not understanding the culture. So, Walmart joined with a local company called Bharti Enterprises to reduce risks. Even though Walmart later bought all of Bharti's shares, it helped Walmart start in the market.

In South Africa, Walmart did a similar thing by buying more than half of a local company called Massmart. This helps to share risks in a new place with high growth. Unlike in India, Walmart bought the most shares in South Africa. This lets Walmart make big decisions in South Africa while letting Massmart handle daily things, using the local knowledge.

In Mexico, Walmart also did a joint venture with CIFRA. Later, Walmart bought most of CIFRA and changed its name to Walmart de Mexico. Going into Mexico was not as risky as India because Mexico is close to the US in geography and money. The biggest issue was laws against big companies, but because Walmart did not buy all the shares, local partners could help follow Mexican laws.

The UK is different because it is a full and big economy. Entering was hard because it was not a new market. Walmart bought most of Asda because it was available. If Walmart did not buy most of Asda, someone else would have. So, Walmart can make decisions without needing a partner.

But, Walmart later sold most of its shares. So, it seems that going into a new country should be with a partner, even if it means sharing money. In India, South Africa, and Mexico, Walmart has most of the shares, but in the UK, it is not much there. So, a joint venture is the best way to go into and stay in a new market.