In the olden days, a special part just for women was started. People thought women had small brains back then. This special part has changed a lot to help women and move forward. Replacing this part with style things will not be good. The style part should not take the place of the women's part because it talks about women's problems in a man's world. The women's part will help women more, and their problems will be taken care of in all parts of life. Feminist problems are still important today. Treating women badly has lessened, but that's because people have learned more. There are still places where women are not treated fairly. Changing the women's part with style things will only show that women are not that important. People want to read about important things, not just about clothes. Women need a voice. The style part is not very important, but the women's part can help.
Women face some problems that feminists are trying to solve:
1. Housework - Women often do more housework than men even if both have jobs. There should be a fair sharing of housework between partners.
2. Media - Ads on TV can show bad ideas about women. The media can make men look better than women.
A women's part in the newspaper is a place for women to talk about their problems. Most of the media is controlled by men who don't understand women's problems. In 2012, a famous paper talked about Hillary Clinton's looks instead of her ideas. Women can help society, so the women's part should be more important than the style part.
The women's part encourages women to speak up, which is good for them. Some cultures make women think they are less important. Feminists use the women's part to help these women speak out. In 1969, the women's part changed to the style part, but it was not good for women. In the 1950s, women started talking about important things, but only women read these parts. Male editors did not care much about women's issues. Female writers changed things for women. Men are starting to see women as important, and the women's part helps with that. Women are important too, and they can do great things for society. The women's part is important for women, and their problems will be solved.