As mentioned before, both pictures show same thing. Even though these two were made at different times, they have same meaning saying only person's hard times can make hope in people's hearts. Both paintings are alike and different because of symbols made by the artists. The main symbol in the Girl with the Pearl Earring painting is the earring. Looking at the girl, the earring catches eye. This symbol was made to show fake hope, made with dark colors in the background. So, this hopeful symbol shows that hope needs dark times to be born.
Christina’s World also has a special symbol showing the creator's idea. But, this symbol is used to show sadness. The black belt on the woman's dress shows her paralyzed part (Benson, 2020). Unlike the first symbol, this belt shows the sad part of the story. The hope is shown by showing a woman's house and her pose trying to reach the light. So, the pictures are similar in using symbols to show the need to strive for hope. But, the number of symbols and how they are used are different.
Thinking about what helped make both pictures, Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet should be mentioned. Hope and sadness are big parts of this sad story. Some people think Girl with the Pearl Earring was made based on Shakespeare's story (Berg et al., 2019). The woman looks back at her love, thought to be the person looking at the picture. Some say Christina’s World story is like Shakespeare's story (Benson, 2020). Christina is kept away from her loved ones by bad fate, and only by hoping can she go back to her family. So, from the study, it can be said: these paintings show the theme of hope that people make when they are in big sadness.
This theme can affect some jobs. Social workers are right affected by this. They want to help others feel better and mentally strong, making their lives better. So, they need to be strong and always make hope for themselves and others. Teachers can be affected too because they raise the next generation. Their job is very important for everyone. If they can't make hope and try to make the world better, it will affect the kids and make them weak. Teachers should teach kids to never lose hope in their lives.
Since the theme is big, lots of people may like to hear about it. People who like art and humanities and those who want to talk about their struggles may be interested. Also, the theme can help the people in those jobs get better in humanities.
When sharing the message, it's good to use pictures to help explain. For example, showing symbols on a screen can help. Since the talk is for everyone, some words used by experts may be hard to understand. Especially the words about old styles and traditions that helped make the paintings. To keep the message simple, use only the most important words. To help the audience understand better, give them a paper with important words.
One important thing for a good talk is to connect with the audience. Talking to people and getting them involved in the talk can help. If people like what's said, even hard words are okay for learning humanities.
So, looking at the two paintings: Girl with a Pearl Earring and Christina’s World, they are alike in their ideas. The artists use symbols in different ways to show the same thing about hoping in hard times. Since the theme is big, people of all ages and jobs may be interested. When talking to everyone, keep it simple but don't take out the hard words. Explain them so everyone can understand. This helps share the artists' and researchers' ideas better.