Introduction
Every age is remembered for its effects on people, like the 1960s. Many remember this time even if they weren't alive then. It was a time of hippies who loved love, The Beatles who won over Americans, and the civil rights movement being very popular. There was a lot of hope and change in the air with protests happening, but there were also bad things happening like the Vietnam War, riots in cities, and important people being killed. In 1968, the US changed a lot after Martin Luther King Jr. was killed.

Background
Politics in America Before the 1960s
In the past years in the United States, there were different groups in power and different ways of doing politics to deal with differences between Democrats and Conservatives. Before the 1960s, there was the Fifth Party System starting in 1932 with Franklin D. Roosevelt. But after the 1960s, a new system started, the Sixth Party System, where Republicans and conservative ideas became more important. They were in charge for many years.

Key Events of the 1960s
The 1960s were a big time for events like the Cold War, the Vietnam War, civil rights, and big people like Martin Luther King Jr. and John F. Kennedy getting killed. All these events together made people want less government control in the economy and more conservative ideas. People also started to follow Christianity more, which made conservative ideas even more popular. This led to the formation of two separate political parties.

Aftermath
Who Won?
After the changes in politics, the Republicans became more powerful. They were no longer mixed with the Democrats like before, and most people supported the Republicans. This new time was called the Raegan era and lasted a long time.

Conclusion
The political parties became separate again, with conservatives and democrats having their own places. At first, conservatives were very popular, but recently, the Democrats have become more liked again. The differences between the two parties are still very big, and they don't work together well. Maybe a new party system will start soon, but we know that changes in society and politics always go together.