The Explanation of the Business Idea

I have an idea for a shop, Trophy Curves, for big ladies. Nowadays, looking good is very important, and many ladies have trouble with how they look. Clothes that don't fit well can make ladies feel bad not just for a short time but also for a long time. That's why it's very important to help ladies feel good about themselves by showing how beautiful they are with nice clothes that don't cost a lot. My shop is for people who want to stop worrying about what to wear every day. The clothes make it easy to look good and be comfy without thinking too much about it. I have a website that's easy to use, and you can get your order in three to six days in the US. We have all kinds of clothes there, from fancy dresses to swimsuits. So, big ladies can find something to wear in any season and have fun no matter what size they are! The best thing about my shop is that the prices are low. Other shops that sell clothes for big ladies often charge a lot more. So, regular ladies can't buy nice clothes made for them and have to shop in regular stores. My message is that every lady deserves to wear nice clothes that make them look good and feel confident. That's why the prices in my shop are between 20-30 dollars for new items, and items on sale cost even less.

The Issue to Solve

There aren't many shops that sell clothes for big ladies because society has changed recently to accept people of all shapes and sizes. This makes it hard for big ladies to find nice clothes because there aren't many shops that sell them.

Competitive Edge & Value Offer

My shop's advantage is that we sell high-quality clothes at good prices. Other shops that sell clothes for big ladies charge a lot more for the same quality. Also, we have a wide range of fashionable clothes for everyday wear and special events. Our promise is to make every lady feel special no matter her size.

The Reason for the Business

I want to make the fashion industry better by offering a lot of nice clothes for big ladies to choose from.

The Business Activity

My goal is to make sure all ladies, no matter their size, have the same choices when it comes to clothes. This means good quality, fair prices, and trendy styles like the ones you see in regular and slightly fancy women's clothing stores. I've always loved fashion and believe that all ladies should feel good about their bodies, which is why I came up with the idea for a shop that sells clothes for big ladies.

The Business Location

Considering the COVID-19 situation, starting online seems like a good idea, especially at first.

The Start Date

Since spring is coming, and people start buying more clothes, now is the perfect time to start my business.

Interest in the Business

I love fashion, and I've noticed that more and more designers are making clothes for all kinds of women, not just super skinny ones. I have experience in designing clothes, including for big ladies. My studies at university have given me the skills I need to start a business. Also, I know people who have successful businesses and can help me avoid making big mistakes.

The Target Market and Special Market

My main customers are big ladies in the USA. This is a small group, so I focus on making clothes in sizes 1x, 2x, and 3x for women.

The Marketing Plan

I will use social media a lot, especially Instagram, to promote my shop. This is because many people use Instagram, and it's a good way to connect with customers. Also, since people are talking more about body positivity and accepting all body types, there's a big demand for clothes like the ones I sell. I will have special discounts and codes to attract new customers and work with influencers to spread the word. I plan to spend around 7% of my sales on marketing.

The Brand's Key Features

My brand stands out because it's colorful, unique, and we only have a limited number of each item to make sure our customers feel special. We design clothes for big ladies that show off their best features.

Competition in the Industry

There are a lot of women's clothing shops in the US, but not many focus on clothes for big ladies. This means there's less competition in this area. The industry is growing because more people need plus-size clothes now than before.

The Income

My main source of income will be selling clothes. We also charge for shipping, but you can pick up your order for free in St. Petersburg, Florida.

Startup Costs

Starting my business will cost around $1700 for the first batch of clothes. This includes making the clothes and buying materials. Since my shop is online, I don't have to pay rent or hire employees.

Product Prices

The prices of our clothes range from $25 to $45, not including shipping which costs $9.

Investment Opportunities

To become a partner, you need $500. Later on, this amount might go up. This way, I can keep a big part of the business for myself as the founder.

Main Strength

Try our clothes, and you'll see the difference! We offer trendy clothes for big ladies that are just as good as regular sizes, at the same prices. This means all ladies can enjoy fashion no matter what size they are.