The success of Phineas Taylor Barnum can be linked to his good skills in marketing and the exciting things he sold. To know how to do the same nowadays, we need to think about why people liked what he offered and the main things that helped him sell it to buyers. Barnum would make people really interested in his museum and circus. To do the same today, we need to advertise a lot but not too directly, creating mystery for people to be curious (Foster, 2017). Barnum also did many things to market his stuff, like advertising to many people, big PR stunts, lots of ads, and telling cool stories.

If we want to promote Barnum's things today, we should use special ads on social media all the time. Because his business was all about seeing and experiencing things, videos, sounds, and pictures would help too. Since Barnum wanted to reach many people, we might even offer his stuff on the internet. To do well, we can learn from how circuses or fun businesses work now. Some circuses still have live shows, but others do well with live streams. This could help Barnum get to many customers like he likes.

Watching a show on TV isn't new, but using streaming sites is better for businesses. This is because an event stream can have ads whenever they want (Nichols, 2021). This means leaders can control how their show looks with only the rules of the stream site to follow. Also, a live stream keeps the story going, like how Barnum advertised before.

Nowadays, online shows are more common, using software for meetings or other stuff. This works for sports, magic shows, and other fun things (Haslam, 2022). Barnum's business could use this too. It's different from a live stream because it lets customers see performers close up and maybe even do things with them. Modern websites and ads can be more fun and get customers involved, something Barnum would like since he wanted customers to feel good about buying from him.

Both ways have good and bad points. A live stream can reach many people but might not involve them much. A virtual show might cost more and not have as many customers, but it gives a special experience that people will like. Barnum could try both ways and have different prices. In the end, doing things that are fun and make people feel good can work well in digital marketing.