One important study in anthropology looks at nonhuman primates, like chimpanzees, to learn about how humans have changed over time. Chimpanzees, who are very clever animals, sometimes show aggressive behavior, which means they can act violently. This essay will talk about why chimps might act this way and if it has something to do with how humans have evolved.

Chimpanzees often get into fights because they want to be in charge. They also get into fights over food, as having more food means they have higher status in their group. When male chimps are stressed because of competition, they might be more aggressive. But when there's less competition, they might still fight because things are unstable.

Chimpanzees use aggression to get what they want, even though it might seem mean. But some chimps try to avoid fights if things could get really bad. This shows that chimps are smart and can find different ways to solve problems without fighting. 

Bonobos, who are similar to chimpanzees, have different ways of dealing with conflicts. They don't fight as much and don't hurt each other like chimps do. Female bonobos are more important in their groups, and they have a say in who they mate with. This is different from chimps, where males are more aggressive towards females.

The way male and female chimps act towards each other can affect how much aggression there is in their groups. Young chimps learn to be aggressive from their moms and other aggressive chimps. This is similar to how boys are sometimes encouraged to be aggressive, which can lead to men being more violent.

Food plays a big role in how chimps and bonobos behave. Chimps fight for food because having more food means more power. But bonobos don't need to fight over food as much because they have plenty to eat all the time. This means female and male bonobos are more equal compared to chimps.

Humans also have different types of aggression, like reacting to being provoked or being aggressive without a reason. Humans are similar to chimps in being proactive but are less reactive like bonobos. This might be because humans have changed over time to be less reactive.

Looking at how chimps and bonobos act can tell us a lot about why humans behave the way they do. The environment and resources play a big role in how aggression shows up in different groups. This essay explores how having enough resources could change how humans act towards each other and how they evolve over time.