The article talks about a happening in a hot dog place in Chicago that can be seen as a question of right and wrong. In the happening, a man was asked to wear a mask to use the place's services (Sutton, 2022). In reaction, the man made the restaurant employee upset by throwing snow at them many times (Sutton, 2022). Also, the person broke the glass door using an unknown thing (Sutton, 2022). This happening can be seen as a question of right and wrong because what the person did was more than needed for the situation, besides the clear damage to the property. Moreover, throwing snow at an employee might not be against the law, but it is very disrespectful to a person.

A way of looking at this happening that thinks about the results of what the person did would say it was wrong. It looks like the reason for the person's behavior was the employee's request to wear a mask, which is what the state said to do. This point of view would say that the person's choice to hurt the employee and damage the restaurant's property had bad results. Since the result was a broken glass door and an innocent employee got hurt, the results were harmful. So, from this point of view, the actions can be seen as wrong. The Kantian idea of right and wrong sees this happening as not making sense because following the moral law and duty is what makes sense. Making an innocent person suffer and damaging the restaurant's property can be seen as not right. So, not following the moral law makes the person not make sense to someone who follows the Kantian idea of right and wrong.

I think that thinking about the results for anyone is the best way to solve this question of right and wrong. The reason for that is that bad results for anyone can help decide if something is right or wrong. The Kantian idea of right and wrong depends on moral law, which can be different for different people. So, according to the Kantian idea, some people might not agree that this happening is a question of right and wrong. On the other hand, according to thinking about the results for anyone, hurting anyone makes an action not right.