The thought of Whiteness in Get Out
Get Out breaks the idea that America is not racist anymore. Everything scary and funny in Get Out comes from the fear between whites and blacks. Holmes says the bad guys in this movie are not whites who hate blacks for their skin color. The director shows whites who like blacks but in a scary and not nice way. This movie says that it's not right to be nice to someone just because of their skin color.
At first, Get Out looks like Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner, a movie from a long time ago about a girl who brings her parents to meet her black husband. It was made 50 years ago when marrying someone from a different race was a big deal. Now it seems old-fashioned, but we still ask if things have really gotten better. In that old movie, the parents were open-minded, but they still got shocked by their daughter's choice. In Get Out, things are taken to the extreme - the parents try too hard to show they are not racist. They talk about famous black people, use strange words, and try to act cool. But this only shows that there is still a big gap between people in America.
The director of Get Out uses small things that happen every day to show how someone can make another person feel like they don't belong. This makes people feel more and more unfriendly. The movie uses bad moments to show the truth about racism. It's for people who have faced racism and for those who might not know they are being racist.
Movies and shows where being white is seen as normal
In many movies, a black character needs to have a special story to get noticed by the audience. On the other hand, white characters are interesting just for being there. Some old movies show how black people were used for profit by white people. They show rich white families and plantations in a nice way. In these movies, white people are in charge but still need black people. Black characters make viewers feel sorry for them in these movies.
Another example is the movie Green Book. One of the main characters is a black musician who is well-educated and polite. The other is an Italian man who is simple and not very nice. The black man has to work hard to be accepted, but society still treats him differently because of his skin color. Despite his flaws, the white man is popular.
But there are some movies that go against the idea that white people are always the most important. Black Panther is one of those movies. It tries to show that Hollywood doesn't always have to be about white people. The director wants to create a new style of Hollywood that celebrates black culture. Black Panther asks if a movie with black actors can be successful.