Many papers were sent to the United States Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Research Service about a strange sickness on a farm in Montana. The papers say that cows on the farm started acting oddly. They lost a lot of weight quickly, made less milk, and had trouble knowing where they were (Broucek et al., 2017). When people read about other similar sicknesses, they thought that the cows might have 'mad cow disease' because of prions (Houston and Andréoletti, 2019). These prions are called PrPSc and are a messed-up form of the PrPC protein that can spread between animals and maybe to humans.

It seems possible that people might get the disease if they eat meat from sick cows. In humans, these prions can make a sickness called vCJD (Thomas, 2019). This sickness can cause problems with the brain and behavior changes. Scientists think it takes about ten years for people to show signs of the sickness, but it might happen faster in cows. So, farmers might have vCJD without knowing yet. I was asked to get brain samples from dead animals on the farm, and some farmers who might be sick came to the lab to check if they have the disease.

The lab tests showed that both cows and farmers have the messed-up PrPC protein - PrPSc. To test cows, we need to check their brain tissue because it's the best way to know for sure (U.S. Food & Drug Administration, 2020). For people, they can check the lymphoid tissue to find the sickness (Thomas, 2019). First, they did some tests on the brain and then looked at the lymphoid tissue for more proof. The tests in the lab showed that the original idea was right.

'Mad cow disease' and vCJD are new sicknesses. The first case of BSE was in the U.K. in 1986, and vCJD came a few years later in the same country (Kim et al., 2016). The first cause of BSE was bad food. So, we started looking at what the cows eat. The farm boss said they use food from the U.K., Brazil, and their country. We found out that there was another case of BSE in the U.K. recently (McCarthy, 2021). I talked to the boss of that farm and saw they got food from the same place as our farmers. That's how we found out where the sickness came from.

There is no cure for BSE or vCJD. Sick cows usually die in a few weeks to months. People can live around 12 years after they get sick. So, it's important to test all the animals and farmers on the farm before they can be safe.