Active Political, Social, Cultural, and Economic Environment

To understand how a country grows and sees if it does well in its money, people life, and politics, we need to look at it all. Also, we need to think about what the people in the country have and what the country can do with it to grow more in money and culture. For Australia, these things have been good for many years, letting the country grow and use its money and other good things in a way that keeps them nice for a long time.

Political Stability and Instability Structure

To see why Australia is stable in its politics now, we need to look at what made it strong. One big thing is that it was not much hurt by the British rule. Because it was far away and hard to get to, it was safe from British rule for some time, which let the country grow its own power and make its own rules based on what was good for it. When it got free from the British rule, Australia could work with other countries as friends, which made its politics strong. Now, Australia can talk and work with other countries in a good way.

But things might change soon in Australia's politics. Because things change fast in the world, Australia might need to think about its rules and ways to work with other countries. Australia might need to use better tools to know what might happen in the future. As Black says, talking about the future can be hard because things like how many people there are, what we have to use, the world's heat, and bad sicknesses can all change a lot. So, Australia needs to find good tools to see what might happen with money in the world and pick good ways to go. For example, China is getting stronger in money and might be a big friend for Australia soon:
"China has grown a lot in money in the past years, more than any other big country, but it is still not as big as Japan or the U.S." 

Other Asian countries are also getting good at money and tech, which is a good thing for Australia. So, Australia needs to tell its people and its businesses to make friends with these countries. Even with problems like the virus now, Australia still has many chances to do well.

Access to Strategic Human, Natural, and Economic Skill and Resources

Australia has a lot of people, things from nature, and money to use. Because Australia's market is growing fast, its local businesses can do a lot. Also, because many people like to visit Australia, it has a lot of money. 

Access to Allies and Enemies

When we look at how Australia talks with other countries, we see that it does not have many enemies. Although there are some countries that might want to win over Australia in money, Australia does not have many countries that hate it. This is because Australia has been away from other countries for a long time, so it did not make any bad friends. So, Australia does not have many enemies, and even if it did, it would be hard to fight them because of the distance.

Australia has many good friends in the money and politics world. With the world getting smaller and things moving fast, Australia can trade and talk with many countries. Right now, Australia works closely with the U.S., UK, South Korea, Japan, and China. It also trades freely with the U.S. and New Zealand, which helps it grow and work with other countries well. Australia's friends are more than its enemies, which is good for its money and politics.

Supply Chains and Trade Routes

Australia has good ways to move things and trade with other countries. To see how strong Australia's trade is, we can look at the money it makes from selling things to other countries. Last year, Australia made a lot of money from selling things, more than what it spent on buying things from other countries. This shows that Australia's trade is good and getting better.

With better ways to move things to other countries, Australia can trade more with Asia, Europe, and the U.S. This helps Australia grow and work with other countries. 

Access to Energy, Commodities, and Technology

Lastly, we need to see what Australia has to grow its money. Because of where it is and what it has in its land, Australia has a lot of natural things to use for energy, things to sell, and tech. But Australia must keep control over these things so that it can keep doing well. As Friedman says, any country needs its things and tech to trade with others and work with friends. So, Australia must keep talking and working with its friends around the world to stay strong in its trade.