Executive Summary
Bottega Veneta is a very famous brand all over the world, but it may need some help because it wants to grow more. Bottega has some choices like making new things and creating a new line of products. The company must change its brand to show how important good quality is in everyday things and to make its products not seem too fancy. Bottega can start a new production line by showing what the brand is about in a way that connects with the main identity of the company.

Introduction
Changing from a fancy company to one that sells things for daily use is very hard. Bottega Veneta will check if all the parts of how the company talks with people work well together (Weingerl and Javoršek, 2018). By telling customers that their daily routines will be comfy but also a bit fancy, Bottega can make a totally new and very successful brand.

Audit of the Brand
Pen Picture and Look at Other Brands
Bottega Veneta mostly tries to catch the attention of both feminine and masculine women, as seen in the pictures. The women in the pictures are smart and stylish, live in today's world, are sure of themselves, and are classy. Even though the fashion styles of Bottega's women are not very important, the pictures show ladies who have their own ideas and know what clothes look best on them. These women value comfort most and are happy to spend their money on Bottega’s high-end items. Bottega’s customers like comfort more than new ideas, but they also like new things. Also, the people who like Bottega probably live a fast life as they like digital stuff.

Digital Picture
Image 1: Digital Picture.
Look at Digital Competitors (POPs and PODs)
PODs will be about user comfort, since Gucci, Burberry, and Loewe all sell fancy things like Bottega, but they don’t focus on daily things and how they are used (Achim, 2019). In other words, their things are special because of good materials and classic designs, which makes them different from the others. Most of Bottega’s things cost a lot because they are very special and made with good materials (Zhang and Zhao, 2019). Good quality and usefulness are the most important things, and Bottega needs to check if their quality is as good as other companies in the same business.

Brand List
History and Story of the Brand
Since 1966, Bottega Veneta has been known for making fancy things and designer clothes. The company, which is in Italy, has become very important in the fancy design business. By focusing on making a brand that will be the base for a new and special brand identity, Bottega can make things that are good for daily use and also a bit fancy.

Brand DNA
The brand DNA will help the company show that it is smart and cares about good quality and customer comfort. This means that the DNA will be made to make life better. The brand’s goal will be to make daily routines easier and more fun. Being honest, caring about customers, being responsible, and making things of good quality will be very important for the brand to grow (see Fig. 2). The plan, which is based on the Onion Model, will help Bottega change from the old brand to a new one.

Brand Character
To talk about what the brand will be like, we need to use the Aaker Model. By using Aaker’s five things about a brand's character, we can see that the new brand will be honest, very good at what it does, and a bit fancy (Kakitek, 2018). Also, adding a little luxury can make things more fun. The things Bottega makes will not be too rough so they can stay classy (see Fig. 3).

Figure 3: Aaker Model for Brand Characterю

Brand Identity
To make the brand’s identity, Bottega will use Kapferer’s way. In the example of Bottega, a system of getting feedback will be used to make a good relationship between the customer and the company. The information from surveys and questions will help make things that fit the culture of the brand and meet the different needs of each customer.

Figure 4: Kapferer’s way analysis (Cuofano, n.d.)ю

Value in a Brand
To make Bottega’s brand more important, especially with the new things it will make, we need to look at Keller’s Brand Value Model (see Fig. 5). According to this way, the brand should be how customers and the company work together; starting with the company’s main values and the way it talks with customers. So, Bottega’s new things should be known for good quality and smart design that make daily life more special for customers.

Figure 5: Keller’s brand value model (Keller’s brand value model: building a powerful brand, 2021).

Building the Brand
Bottega’s new style can be seen as a big house where all things are under the main brand. But if a new brand is made that focuses on daily things, the company may need to think about how it shows the brand. To reach the right people, the company will need to have more than one brand.

Using the Brand
Bottega will use the strength of its old brand when it starts showing the new things. So, the new brand may have some things from the old one, like the name and maybe the letters used in the logo. Also, the company’s ideas about being special and believing in itself can be part of the new design. Because the things made by Bottega are very good, the new brand will show that it can be trusted.

Brand Positioning
The old Bottega brand is mostly known for being very special, but the new brand should be about being useful in everyday life. Special things like good design and materials in the new products can be extra things that make the brand famous (Brunetti, Confente, and Kaufmann, 2019). Like Bottega Veneta, the new brand should focus on being very good at what it does and also making life easier, if not more special.

Brand Plan
AIDA. To show the new brand to the public, the AIDA model will be very important (Prathapan, et al., 2018). Bottega will try to tell people about the new things, get them interested in the new brand, and make them want to buy it. Ads and a website will be made where the focus will be on luxury and comfort to get people to like the new things with help from a special program that rewards loyal customers.

RACE. Also, the RACE (Reach, Act, Convert, Engage) Model will be used to show people the new things and get them interested. To be more clear, a new way to talk to customers using technology and modern media will be made to reach more people. To get people to act, the website will have parts where customers can change their experience. After Bottega gets a lot of fans who really like the brand, they will start making them buy things by giving discounts, gift cards, and other things. Lastly, they will listen to what customers say and change the things they make to fit what customers want.

Licensing/IP
Bottega will own the rights to