Ethics important for many businesses and show what owners want for customers. Rules called ethical considerations company should follow when making big decisions about customers and people they owe money to (Schmitz & Leoni, 2019). Key West Stores' honesty is an ethical consideration because it affects how the business works. Accountants in trouble if they not honest in their work and make people they owe money to upset. Not fair when business blames mailroom and post office for late checks when it's their fault. Wrong for Key West Stores to keep bills and lie to people they owe money to avoid punishment.

People negatively affected by dishonesty are people owed money, mailroom, and post office. People owed money lose money by paying more, mailroom and post office blamed for late checks. People owed money can't complain because they need the business and pay extra money asked by Key West Stores. But business benefits from the delays, only they gain. Tiffany Lyons may also suffer from this dishonesty. It will hurt her feelings if she doesn't agree with the lies.

Tiffany should not continue bad actions started by Jay because she could lose trust in the company. Company should give her a job where she can work without feeling bad. Tiffany has the right to protect her good name in the industry by saying no to bad things that could make her lose her job. If she keeps doing wrong things, people will question her honesty, and she won't be fit to be assistant accountant. Jay can stop the delays if she wants to have a good career as an accountant. It's wrong to delay accounting information because it affects decisions made using that information. If the boss won't let her work because she's honest, Tiffany can leave the job and keep her good name as an accountant.

The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) makes rules for accountants and gives them codes to follow. Business not following rules about honesty and being fair that say accountants should always be honest and fair in their work (AICPA, 2016). Accountants should tell the truth and be reliable when sharing information. They should also be quick in their work to make sure information is useful for making decisions. Key West Stores should change their behavior to keep being ethical.

As assistant accountant, I would tell the boss I won't be part of cheating. Later, if the boss doesn't care about cheating and keeps supporting it, I would leave the job to keep my good name. But if the boss agrees to stop cheating, I would stay and work honestly, openly, and reliably by delivering checks on time. I could also tell others about Key West Store's bad actions.