The slavery problem in the United States is very hard. There are many reasons for this problem, like money, politics, laws, and race. The video by Annenberg Learner (2019) talks about how the North and the South had different ideas and how this affected people. They talk about how slaves lived and how they tried to fight back.

Firstly, it is important to know that the North and the South were not very different. America in the 1860s was racist. The North maybe was even more racist than the South. Slavery ended in the North because it was not good for the economy. The weather didn’t allow crops like rice, cotton, and tobacco to grow, so they didn’t need slaves. How the North freed the slaves shows that they were scared of strangers.

The North and the South wanted to make money together by building railways and exploring new places. The North didn’t like how slaves were treated in the South. They told stories of how badly slaves were treated, even though they were just like other Americans.

Next, people in the South thought slaves were happy. They didn’t like the North's way of living. They thought free workers in the North were weak. They said slaves could sing and practice their culture freely. But there were pictures and stories showing how badly slaves were treated in the South, making people realize that slavery was not good.

Lastly, the lecture talks about how black people fought against slavery. They wanted to learn how to read and write, which was not allowed. They used songs and stories to express their feelings. They tried to be free through small and big acts of rebellion, like stealing or fighting back.

The video shares many important moments about slavery and the reasons for the Civil War. But some things are still not clear. Why did the North criticize the South if they were also racist? And why did the South not like capitalism even though they needed it for their economy? It is hard to understand why slavery was so important that it caused states to leave the country.