Interacting with patients is good and hard for nursing people because it is not easy to know what will happen. Some issues may come up when nurses work with certain groups who have different needs or money situations. For example, people with low money and who struggle to pay for basic health care need a special way to talk to them. The question is: “For poor patients, how well does the treatment work if they don’t come back for check-ups compared to those who do?” This paper wants to talk about this issue, share what others have written about it, and suggest a way to fix it.

Patients miss appointments for many reasons, and nurses can help them make better choices. The problem is serious because not showing up for check-ups can make treatments less effective and make things worse if patients get sicker. Nurses need to figure out why poor patients don’t come back to see their doctors, find out what they can do about it, and try new ways to help patients. Doing research and reading what others say can help make better decisions.

Recent studies show that poor people have specific reasons for not coming back for check-ups, like forgetting, not enough money, not understanding why check-ups are important. More research in 2018 found that many people miss their return visits, which is not good for healthcare. Nurses can use this information to convince others to make changes and fix the problem.

What people write about the issue suggests that nurses can change how they talk to patients and how they plan visits to help them understand better. It’s important to explain why missing appointments is bad, how much it can cost if conditions get worse, and to use reminders to help patients remember their appointments.

Helping poor patients see the importance of coming back for check-ups is not easy and needs many changes. My suggestion for nurses who want to help is to talk to patients better, involve doctors and managers, and think about the costs of getting to appointments. Nurses should also explain clearly what can happen if patients don’t come back. Office managers should remind patients with serious conditions so they don’t forget their appointments.

Nursing problems can be different for each group of people and need special solutions based on evidence. Studies show that financial problems, lack of education, and not understanding why check-ups are important make people miss appointments. Nurses can make things better by talking better, teaching patients more, and getting everyone involved. Helping with this issue can be good for organizations that have many poor patients.