Religious exclusivism is when some people think only their religion followers can go to heaven and others go to hell. A not so strong idea is that only people from one religion can be saved, while others can't (Peterson et al., 2014). Universalism is when everyone gets blessings from God, no matter their religion. Exclusivism can show strong faith but may lead to bad things like violence against other religions.
Exclusivism is seen a lot in Abrahamic religions. For example, in Hebrew, only followers can go to the promised land. In Christianity, only true believers can reach heaven, others go to hell (Peterson et al., 2014). Islam also believes only some people will see paradise.
In the past, rulers used exclusivism to do bad things to people of different religions. But now, people can practice it without harming others. Every religion has some exclusivism where they think they are right. This started from old tribal thinking where different tribes were seen as enemies. Even today, there is still some dislike for other religions.
Exclusivism leads to not caring about other religions. Some people think only their God is real, others are wrong. Many don't want to learn about other religions. This makes people not trust each other and creates stereotypes. This affects policies and relationships between countries. It also leads to bans on interfaith marriages.
Exclusivism takes away human kindness and replaces it with rules. People focus more on religious laws than helping others. In reality, harming others is like disobeying God. All people should be treated well because we are all created by God. We should see each other as humans first.
According to John Hick, we can live without religion and everyone has a right to believe in any religion. Hick believes all religions are equal. In a pluralistic world, people can worship freely without being forced. This world would avoid conflicts caused by religion.
Religious extremism comes from feeling disrespected by other religions. In a pluralistic world, religion wouldn't cause conflicts. People would see each other as humans first. This would avoid problems like "us" versus "them".
In extreme cases, some believe non-followers will go to hell, while others think they won't receive salvation. These views have caused conflicts, but people have learned to live peacefully with those they disagree with. John Hicks suggests religious pluralism as a solution to avoid the consequences of religious exclusivity.