The learning is important to get new information about things not already known. When I study, I can think about them and understand good and bad sides. Because I have learned and understood some knowledge, I can use it. If what I learn is about bad things like people being mean or unfair, learning helps me stop mistakes from happening again and make things fair in the future.

It is very important to say that knowledge and things we go through are valuable, especially if they are about problems with our family. The person who came to talk had strong feelings because of what happened to his mom who was treated unfairly because she was a woman. She was trying to get back her rights and respect in society at a high level, which was not usual at that time. Sometimes, women have asked the top court and the United Nations for help to get back rights that were taken away from them. So, a law called Bill C-31 was made because of this fight, and for the speaker, it means a chance for new ideas and solving issues with Indigenous rights. So, knowing history and thinking about it makes people want to fight for their rights and what matters to them.

It is very important to know about bad things done to Indigenous people in the past. Before Europeans came, the Indigenous people had rules and safety from diseases. But after twenty-five years, many of them were killed and faced a kind of killing called genocide.

I believe even the papers from the Pope were to force the Indigenous people to be like others. Sending children to schools far from home made them forget their culture and history. Also, the government made laws like the Gradual Civilization Act of 1857 and the Indian Act of 1876. The first law made Indigenous people forget their roots, and the second one let Canada take away their lands and resources.

It is clear that Europeans were using power over the Indigenous people. The person in charge of Indian Affairs had a lot of control over the Indigenous people. Because of these laws, the Indigenous people did not obey and wanted their rights back. At first, they asked the Canadian government nicely to cancel these unfair laws. I think these laws, stopping the Indigenous people from saying who they are, and the ongoing unfair treatment made the Indigenous people stronger in their identity and wanting their rights.

Also, because of these laws, many lost their status as Indigenous people and the right to stay in their homes. So, changing lands, renaming towns, and changing Indigenous names made them want their lands back and not let Europeans take over. Even today, we can feel the effects of these actions because the stories were passed down to warn future generations. I should also talk about the “Potlatch Law.” In 1884, the government stopped this important festival and other events. The government thought these events were important to the Indigenous people.

Because the government wanted Indigenous people to be like everyone else, they made rules to give up special items during the festival. I think the government wanted to erase the Indigenous culture and stop stories from being told between generations. But I think this plan did not work because the Indigenous people wanted their rights back and to stop this from happening again.

After World War II, people started to see Native people as the most hurt in the country. I think this change happened because Native people also fought in the war, showing they were united as a group, even though people tried to hurt them for many years. Because of the United Nations rules about human rights, the Indian Act was changed in 1951. This meant Indigenous people got back the rights taken from them, like being able to vote, have ceremonies, and women were treated fairly. This was the start of a big fight against unfair treatment of Indigenous women, and it shows that in a democratic world, we can finally get rid of the Indian Act.