Health care safety and well-being are very important for a good healthy population. The technology for taking care of patients has changed a lot. In the past, nurses used to touch, smell, and listen to patients when they took care of them. Now, with new technology, there are many ways to make health care better and they have worked well. While new technology helps with patient safety, there is still a lot to do to solve problems. One important new technology is Automated IV Pumps, a machine that gives medicine. This machine has good and bad effects on nursing as shown.
Giving good health care means helping people be healthy. Automated IV Pumps are an important new technology in health care that helps nurses give the right amount of medicine. Using these machines makes care faster, reduces mistakes, and helps keep patients safe. To keep patients safe, nurses need to follow instructions, check on patients, and give the right amount of medicine.
The main problem
Even with new health care technology, keeping patients completely safe is still a problem. More patients are having problems, so we need to study more (Wei et al., 2021). Everyone cares a lot about patient safety, so this study will look at how patients do when Automated IV Pumps are used and what we can do to help. However, nursing care has not improved much.
Although new technology has helped patient care, there are still problems with patient safety, especially with new devices like Automated IV Pumps. Medical mistakes are a big problem that we need to reduce to keep patients safe.
Study goals
This study will look at how Automated IV Pumps affect nursing. It will see how patients do when they get medicine with these pumps.
Research question
To find out how Automated IV Pumps affect nursing.
Study reason
My study will look at the good and bad effects of Automated IV Pumps on patient care and safety to decide if nurses should keep using them.
Results
Nurses do a lot to care for patients. Using Automated IV Pumps is a big help because they make giving medicine more accurate. Nurses should not have to guess about patient care; they need to be accurate and do the same thing every time. Also, Automated IV Pumps make nurses' work easier. They have reduced mistakes in medicine, are easy to use, and help save time.
Reducing mistakes
Giving the wrong medicine can be very dangerous. Using pumps helps give the right medicine in the right way. This makes patients safer. It also helps nurses who need to give medicine through IVs.
Using IV pumps
IV pumps can be adjusted for different needs. Having something too big to move wastes time. They make giving medicine quickly easier, which is important in emergencies. Hospitals can use these pumps in different places to help more patients.
Easy to use
Using IV pumps does not need special training. They are easy to read and use, which is good for giving medicine quickly. These pumps are a good choice for hospitals because they are accurate and easy to use.
Advantages of Automated IV Pumps
Automated IV Pumps have fewer mistakes and alerts to reduce errors. They are also easy to carry and use in emergencies. Overall, they make treatments easier and give nurses more time to help patients get better.
Disadvantages of Automated IV Pumps
Even though Automated IV Pumps help nursing, they can be expensive. This can make it hard for some hospitals and nurses to use them. Also, the machines can have errors that might hurt patients, affecting care and safety.
In conclusion
With fewer mistakes and more flexibility, nurses have done a lot for patient care and safety. The good things about Automated IV Pumps are more than the bad things, so I suggest we keep using them for medicine. We can also find ways to reduce the bad effects of using Automated IV Pumps.