United Healthcare is a company that gives insurance to help public health. They offer different types of insurance like long-term, short-term, dental, critical, and Medicaid. They also work with retired people and make health plans. They have many practitioners, hospitals, and facilities they connect with. The company has a boss called CEO and two VPs in charge of business stuff. They have other important officers too. These officers do a lot of things inside the company. The bosses talk to each other a lot. 

Their goal is to make healthcare better and help people be healthy. They want to make sure everyone is well. They work with professionals and hospitals to do this. This is very important for their business. They want to find answers to healthcare problems and help more people get healthcare. They also want to help people who don't have insurance. They want people to be happy with their healthcare. The company makes money by trading with investors.

They should focus on money stuff like cash flow and earnings to grow. Investors will make more money this way. They should keep growing their insurance business and use the situation with Covid-19 to help more people. They should also look at how happy their customers are and try to sell more products to them. They need to improve their services because more people want them.

They need to use new technology to help patients. This will make healthcare better. They should spend money on technology to help patients get better services. They should also work on reducing costs and making their processes better. This will help them grow and be more successful.

The company needs to invest in employees and teach them new things. They did a good job with this last year. They should also focus on technology to help customers. Employees need to have skills to help customers online.

They need to manage risks well. They should look out for bad things like fraud and make sure employees know what to do. If they don't do this, they might not meet their goals. This could make customers and investors unhappy. 

In the end, they need to use a balanced scorecard to see what's not going well. They can use this to fix problems and get better. This will help them do a good job and manage risks better.