Maternal health means how moms feel when having a baby. Black moms in many places face very bad health results, like high death rates (Davis, 2020, p. 56). Health and society play big parts in why black moms have more health problems and deaths. This makes it hard for them to get good healthcare and they face racism too. Davis (2020, p. 58) says things like sexism and racism make it tough for black moms to get good healthcare. For example, black moms are often not insured, have money problems with healthcare, and don't get prenatal care like white moms do. Also, black moms often have long-term health issues like heart problems, high blood pressure, and diabetes. This makes it hard for them and their babies when they want to have a baby (Davis, 2020, p. 59). But it's important for black moms to have safe pregnancies and births. So, what things affect black mom's health, and what changes can be made to make it better for them?

There is a big link between black mom's health and social issues. In some places, women are discriminated against because of their gender, color, ability, class, or ethnicity. Davis (2020, p. 59) says some people think men should be more powerful than women, so they don't support women being leaders. Some people also think women's main job is to take care of the home and have babies. These ideas make women sick in their minds (Davis, 2020, p. 60). So, it's important to change how people see and treat women in society.

The topic of black mom's health is getting a lot of attention worldwide. So, it's important to figure out why more black women are dying when having babies. It's also important to know why black women have more problems during childbirth than white women. This will help us see why healthcare for black women is not as good. We need to know the challenges black women face to get the care they need for their bodies. This care is important because it helps women plan their families and have healthier babies and moms.

Intersectionality means understanding that everyone faces discrimination differently. We can use this idea in black mom's health to see what causes the problems, like race, ability, and sexuality. These issues affect women of color globally and lead to unfair pay. For example, a black woman gets 63 cents for every dollar a white man gets. According to Crear-Perry et al. (2021, p. 230), this low pay forces women of color to choose between healthcare, food, and housing because they don't have enough money. Also, many people think black women are strong and can do harder work than white women. Knowing all the factors affecting black mom's health can help us make plans to help women of color.

Doctors, policymakers, and the community all play important roles in making black mom's health better. It's crucial to give healthcare coverage to women of color throughout their lives, including things like birth control. Only 87% of black women of reproductive age have health insurance (Crear-Perry et al., 2021, p. 233). Also, women of color should get good, safe, and respectful healthcare that understands their culture. Healthcare and policies should focus on what black women need. We should also look at where people live, work, and play in terms of their health (Davis, 2020, p. 64). We can do this by making policies that help people make more money, get better education, and have more access to food and healthcare.

Black women should get paid time off to take care of themselves and their kids. They should also have access to community healthcare providers who can help with mom's health and other healthcare needs (Davis, 2020, p. 64). If these providers are not available, black women might not get the care they need. We should have stronger rules to protect pregnant women of color at work.

In short, black women should have healthy and safe pregnancies and births. By making changes in the healthcare system and improving access to care, we can help women of color have better lives. This will let them make choices about when and how to have kids.