Introduction
Before making money choices like buying stocks, bonds, or digital money, it's really important to have good info. Knowing the good sides and bad sides can help you pick the best place to put your money. For example, stocks from companies like Nestle and Volkswagen look very good and can give you a lot of profit if you invest in them. But some people who have stocks in these companies are now thinking about investing in digital money after selling their stocks and bonds. Buying digital money, especially bitcoin, is like a new thing now, and many people are getting into it without checking the good and bad things about it. This paper talks about the good things about Russian bonds, Nestle, and Volkswagen stocks, while also talking about the bad things about digital money to help you decide where to invest.
Financial Good Things about Nestle Stocks, Russian Bonds, and Volkswagen Stocks
Good Things about Nestle Stocks
Nestle, a big food company worldwide, made more money after raising the prices of its products from water to pet food. According to Nestle S.A. ADR Stock Price & News (2022), the company's shares went up by more than three percent and did better than other companies by using its popular brands like Perrier water. As said by (Affonso, Dias & Pinto, 2021), the company also raised prices at the end of 2021 and plans to do the same this year when costs are expected to go up more than the four percent increase last year.
Nestle, like other companies, is having issues with the supply chain because of the global fight against COVID-19. Raising prices should help keep the profits stable at around seventeen percent, with a boost in the middle term (Affonso et al., 2021). The company now expects to grow by six to seven percent organically, up from five to six percent, after sales went up by about seven percent in the third quarter of 2021. The growth in sales is likely to slow down as the boost from the pandemic gets less (Affonso et al., 2021). According to Nestle S.A. ADR Stock Price & News (2022), the benefits from more sales and higher prices will be clear this year.
Good Things about Volkswagen Stocks
There is proof that investing in this stock is a good idea, like a recent increase in interest from investors. According to Volkswagen AG Stock Price & News (2022), the stock is in a good place with a four percent price increase in a month. While all stocks can go up for a short time, a stock like Volkswagen needs to keep doing well for a long time to make investors happy. Volkswagen stock is doing just that, with a seven percent increase in the last year (Affonso et al., 2021). Also, this stock moves fast, with a beta of about two (Affonso et al., 2021), meaning it goes sixty percent higher or lower than the market.
Because of its performance, Volkswagen gets a B grade for doing well. This means it's a good time to buy Volkswagen stocks now if you want to make the most of it. Also, the stock is ranked second by Zacks because more investors are interested in stocks that analysts like and have higher earnings estimates, which keeps the prices up. Even though the stock moves fast, it's cheap based on how much sales it makes (Affonso et al., 2021). For every dollar of sales, an investor only needs fifty-eight cents.
Good Things about Bonds
Investing in stocks, especially from companies like Nestle, is good. But it's even better when you invest in bonds like Russian bonds. Bonds are safer than stocks because they have less ups and downs, making it a safer choice. Also, stocks change more every day than bonds do (Reboredo, Ugolini & Aiube, 2020). Bonds pay more in interest than stocks do in dividends. Bonds are easy to sell without changing the price, and they give you a fixed interest payment twice a year and a fixed amount at the end.
Bad Things about Digital Money
Even though many people think digital money is cool, buying it is like buying a stock in companies like Nestle or Starbucks. With those companies, you get updates on how they're doing, calls about their earnings, and see them in the news. With stocks, you have an idea about how the company is doing now and in the future. Even with small companies that sell stocks, you can see their finances.
But digital money is different, with big changes in value and no financial reports. It lives on guesses and excitement and can lose value suddenly. This means you could lose everything if you don't know what you're doing in digital money. More big investors are getting into digital money and trying new ways to make money.
Using digital money is not like trading in a regular market, as it's hard to borrow money. You need to pay a lot to keep your options open, which costs more. Unlike normal markets where borrowing is easy, digital money borrowing is expensive.
Conclusion
This paper has shown the differences between investing in bonds, stocks, and digital money by talking about the good things about stocks and bonds and the bad things about digital money. People who have Nestle stocks will make more money this year because the company is planning to raise prices more than the four percent increase seen in 2021. Like Nestle, Volkswagen stocks are getting more popular as their earnings estimates are high. This means their prices will go up too. Even though digital money is popular, it's risky and can be more expensive than investing in bonds.