Industrial authority and its improvement in Hong Kong on a review on relative industrial authority are the paper’s title to be critiqued in this critique. It is an article on company's rules authored by Bryane Michael and S.H. Goo. The authors of the article have checked the developments in Hong Kong in company rules. When we think about company's rules at the country level, we need to look at each person in that country. This paper and critique focus on the strong parts and not-so-strong parts of company's rules about business manners and how companies care for society. The background of this article all about company rules concerning the whole country. Its aim is to find out the experience of Hong Kong proves or disapproves theories from company rules for many problems. These problems include; executive payment, family ownership, self-benefit, and focus in Hong Kong, among others. Company's rules is the main idea of this article. The authors look at the company rules in Hong Kong, and also show how good company rules in Hong Kong at least links with higher share price in one part. Another part shows an outline of important company rules from outside the United States and how to manage the really bad household control of listed companies. Another part is the third which talks about the self-benefit of a job position between connected people. The fourth part looks at the intensive shareholdings and their roles in decreasing the quality of industrial rules and the fifth gives an outline of two key matters in many authorities. The argument in the article is effective or convincing according to the author’s findings in this article. Hong Kong is rated second just after Singapore by the statistics of the world's competitive forum. Families’ control in company lives is another important issue detected by authors in this article in Hong Kong. Households have continuously managed Hong Kong’s companies. Another important issue in this article is the encouragement to engage in government-related activism of Hong Kong pensions. Self-dealing reduction by connected individuals or parties is another important issue considered by the article’s authors. The vetting regime is another important issue in Hong Kong put into consideration. Reducing shareholders’ concentration is another factor considered in Hong Kong. Other important issues include; non-members concentrated holdings, derivative actions on empowering minority shareholders, open-ended vehicles to open closed companies, Hong Kong’s two-non issues corporate governance, and corporations’ accounting and auditing which seems to be ok. Corporate governance, good business manners, and companies’ care for society are necessary for the betterment of companies and must be enhanced.