California make a rule to have less prisons. They think it is a big step forward for fair law change because fewer people in jail. My question is to see how this change helps with too many people in jails in California. It is important because having too many people in jails is a big problem. This makes prisoners have less rights and can cause fights and bad situations in jails.

Knowing the answer is important to decide if we should have fewer prisons where there are too many people. If the plan in California works, it can help other places with the same problem. Past studies on this question show that the changes in California have some bad parts. When they had fewer jails, it did not really lower the crime rate.

The main topics in my study are about being kind with fewer prisons, what happens when jails change, and how fair the system is. There is not much research on how the changes in jails think about what people need. In my paper, I will use real research ways to study and understand the problem better. Instead of only looking at the number of prisoners in a place, I will see the conditions they live in.

In the research
The main thing I am studying is how many jails there are. The other things I look at are how many prisoners are there and how they live. Now, there are six jails in California. Also, for every nine prisoners, there is one worker in the jail. California is one of the five states with many female prisoners. They need special care.

The studies about having fewer jails in California are interesting. They talk about being kind to prisoners in new ways. They also talk about what happens when jails change for prisoners and society. Some studies also talk about how to lower the number of prisoners. People worry about not being fair to everyone.

Being kind with fewer prisons
The problem with the research is that they only use numbers. For example, they show too many people in jails by counting how many are in a small place or how many workers are there. But they do not compare it to what other countries say is a good way to treat prisoners. They do not talk much about how the prisoners feel. The studies just show numbers and do not explain things well.

There is a problem with how we decide if prisoners are treated well. When California had fewer jails, there were more people in each jail. But, we do not know how much money should be spent on food and things for each prisoner every month. People also do not agree on how big the rooms should be or where the beds should be. Some people think we should think about the prisoners' feelings too.

What happens after changing jails
Making fewer jails does not mean there are less people in jail. We do not know how the changes affect the prisoners. Some people think the changes do not follow the rules of the world. The papers talk about the problems in California jails, but they do not say everything. They talk about the rights of prisoners, but do not know if the rules are really followed.

Some people do not agree on how to fix the problems in California jails. Some say the rules are not followed anymore. Other people say the jails are strict but still follow the world rules. People are interested in how the jails in California keep the prisoners safe and happy.

Getting fair rules
People agree that to have fewer people in jail, we need to have less crime. But we do not know what really works. Some people think we should be kind and change the laws. Others worry that making the punishments easier will make more crimes happen. Making the punishments easier may make people want to do bad things more. Then, there will be more people in jails.

Some people say having less people in jail has nothing to do with less crime. They like the kind laws in California. Other people worry about more violent crimes if the punishments are not hard enough. They say there are fewer prisoners in jails now, but more people are watched by the police. We do not really know how the new laws in California affect the number of prisoners.

In short
My study wants to see how prisoners live in California jails and compare it to world rules. I will use data from official papers to see if there are too many prisoners in the jails. I will also look at the crime numbers before and after the changes in California. I will use a special computer program to guess if crimes will go up in the future.

How I study
I need to know how many jails there are to see if there will be more crimes. By dividing the crimes by the number of jails, we can guess if there will be too many prisoners in California soon. I will also look at how prisoners live and if it is fair. Things like how big their rooms are and if there is any unfair treatment will be important.

To get information, I will look at world papers that talk about how prisoners should live. I will also look at crime numbers in California from official websites. I think talking to prisoners is important, so I will ask them questions. I will use video talks so I can see how they look and act. This way, I can see if they are not happy in jail because there are too many people.

I think I know how the number of jails and how prisoners live are connected. By dividing the criminals by the jails, I can see how full the jails are. Then, I will use numbers about how big the rooms are and how many workers are there for each prisoner.

I do not know enough about the mind to ask prisoners questions myself. Some of them may say bad things to leave jail early. So, I will watch videos of other people asking prisoners questions. This way, I can see if they are not happy in jail because there are too many people. This study is important because signs of bad jail conditions show up fast and stay a long time.

Results
The official numbers show that there are very few prisoners in California jails now. But, there are more crimes happening. Some crimes are not against the law anymore, so more people are doing them. Instead of jail, people are made to work as punishment. The rooms prisoners live in are smaller than what the world says is good. Prisoners in videos look sick, tired, and sad.

Talking about the results
The results show that prisoners are not happy and the jails are too full. The numbers show that changing jails did not help with too many people in them. Instead, it made it worse. The prisoners do not have enough money and the rooms are not good. So, the change in California jails did not work well.

Closing words
Having less jails in California did not help with too many people in them. To stop this problem, we need to help people before they do bad things. Most crimes happen because people are poor and have no help. Many prisoners come from poor families. They live in bad places and have no jobs, so they do bad things. If California helps poor people, there will be less crime and fewer people in jails.