This final project wants me to make a plan for better training about different people at Cape Coral Hospital. Many places believe that taking care of different kinds of workers is not just for HRD programs and ways, but also for helping the new workers. So, my job as the HRD manager at Cape Coral Hospital is to suggest new training and ways to the boss, and explain how HRD methods can help manage a group of workers from different cultures.

Good things about Cultural Diversity
Being open to and supporting different cultures brings many good things. First, having a mix of workers is very important for a company that wants to do its best. Having different cultures can make a company more interesting around the world and help with coming up with new ideas (Kamales & Knorr, 2019). For Cape Coral Hospital, having many cultures means happier workers who stay longer and take good care of patients. Other good things about having a mix of people at work include different views, making more money, getting good workers, having a good reputation worldwide, and fixing problems easily. A company that doesn’t care about different cultures may have many problems like lawsuits about treating workers unfairly. In short, by having a more mixed group of workers, Cape Coral Hospital will have many different ideas.

As the HRD manager at Cape Coral Hospital, noticing and respecting workers is really helpful, especially if they are from different cultures. This is because it helps create new ideas—when different cultures work together, they can be more creative (Kamales & Knorr, 2019). Also, respecting workers makes them feel happy and ready to work. Because of these things, the process of hiring new workers for Cape Coral Hospital should be done in a way that makes sure the minority workers feel included.

Some Important Information about Workers
Right now, about 47% of the workers are women. This number is expected to stay the same until the end of 2022. Even though we don’t know the exact percentage, it is likely to go up because there are more single-parent families now. Also, about 20% of workers have some kind of disability according to ADA (Sprong et al., 2019). This number is expected to go up in the next few years. Lastly, the average age of workers is getting higher every day.

New Training Plans
For the bosses at Cape Coral Hospital, there are some new training plans that I would suggest to help find and choose more minority workers. These new plans should start at the top of the company. To make these plans work well, the company needs to have a chief diversity officer to lead the training in the right way. Most importantly, Cape Coral Hospital should have a group of leaders for diversity to help find areas that need more attention.

Program for Ethnicity and Race
This plan will help the bosses understand the difference between ethnicity and race. They need to know that ethnicity is something you learn while race is something you are born with. This plan wants to help find out the different groups of people who face unfair treatment. This plan will also help make better ways to find and choose workers because it has a course to help people see their own unfair thoughts, which then helps them treat everyone fairly and have more different kinds of people at work.

Program for Disabilities and Abilities
This plan wants to help the bosses teach workers why it’s good to work together—it makes workers happier. So, this plan is important because it shows the bosses how and why to make sure the workplace is good for people with disabilities (Stevens et al., 2018). As mentioned before, about 20% of workers have a disability according to ADA. This means Cape Coral Hospital should help them. This plan also wants to remind bosses of the good things that come from hiring people with different disabilities.

Program for Gender
This plan is to remind the bosses that gender is something you are born with and can’t change. This plan also wants to show them how people are treated unfairly based on gender in different workplaces. So, the gender program will teach the bosses how to remove unfair thoughts about gender, which then makes the workplace more mixed and fair. If this plan is followed, the company will keep workers happy and bring in more minority and women workers. This plan helps stop unfair treatment.

Program for Age
This plan wants to teach the bosses that no matter what time it is, the company will have workers from different age groups. These groups have their own ideas and beliefs which can lead to unfair treatment based on age. According to Zaniboni et al. (2019), ageism means having bad feelings about workers of different ages (p. 453). This training is needed because age discrimination can happen at any age. This plan will help include everyone in the work, making the company a nice place for workers of all ages.

Program for Citizenship
This training is important because there are many chances of finding immigrants at any workplace. The problem these people have is that even if they have citizenship, there can be problems with people who grew up in the area. So, it is very important for bosses to have this training because it helps stop unfair thoughts at work. This training will help make the company more mixed and bring in more workers, especially from minority groups.

What the Bosses Should Do
The bosses at Cape Coral Hospital can start new training programs as well as other things like flexible hours, daycare at work, and help with childcare. This will bring in new workers and make them feel comfortable working for the company. The bosses should say they care about the traditions and beliefs of different cultures, including holidays. The new programs should make the bosses focus more on making teams that help workers learn how to work together to help patients.

New Ways of Training
The new ways of training that I suggest to the bosses include: showing they are serious, being fair, checking and talking, and making sure to include everyone in talks. When it comes to showing they are serious, the bosses will learn how to make sure the pictures on the job pages show that they care about having different kinds of workers. They will also learn how to talk about their values and dedication to having a mixed group of workers. It’s important to know that new people who might want to work there like to know where the company stands on some things before they decide to work there.

Being Fair
Another new way of training the bosses will learn about is being fair. Here, the management at Cape Coral Hospital will learn how to make sure they look at every person’s resume and ask questions before deciding who to interview. For example, bosses should start by looking at everyone’s resume and having a short talk before the interview starts (Epstein, 2019). The training helps them know how and why they should always check everyone equally. The goal is to make sure the company can always check everyone in the same way.

Checking and Talking
This training is to make sure the company has a good way of checking people who want to work there. This plan is needed to make sure there are no unfair thoughts when deciding who to hire. In other words, this training is to make sure all the things the company does to bring in new workers are done right. The bosses will learn they need to make sure the people choosing who to hire come from different groups—this helps them talk about any unfair thoughts they might have.

Including Everyone in Talks
The last