Although bad things in Reading, Pennsylvania were still very high even if the city didn’t have much money, boss of the police William Heim put lots of money into guessing software for bad things in 2013. Guessing Policing is the name of this Big Data start thing called PredPol (short for guessing policing). This thing was meant to look at old bad things to find out where and when bad things happen lots of times. When the police began looking more at these bad areas, there were fewer house break-ins in the bad places by almost 20%. Guessing policing software is like how people use numbers in baseball. It is said to not have any bad things like racism and bad ideas that the court uses. For this to work, it needs lots of information about the place to show why the police are there.

People doing things on their own make bad feelings and danger in people who need help. Right now, math rules over police stuff. Because some think small bad things can lead to big bad things, police bosses believe that even small information can be used to make better information that focuses more on big bad things. Police everywhere are making strict rules against all bad things by using information from guessing policing ways. One big problem with this way is that it is secret from everyone.

In a “hackathon” in 2011, O’Neil and the New York Civil Liberties Union worked together to find out important things about the NYPD’s bad search program. Many Black and Latino young people were being searched because of information, but only 0.1% of those searched had anything serious to do with bad things. “Stop and Search,” O’Neil says in his book, is not a big problem, but it uses math to make many stops in places where people need help. Even though people did it, stop and search made a bad loop that mostly hurt Black and Latino men for small things that white people don’t get in trouble for.

Police often look for non-white people in places with little money and no good schools or jobs. Because of this, choices based on ways to guess bad things, like guessing policing and bad things that happen again, are both unfair and don’t make sense. These ways don’t think about how people really are, and they say they know a lot about if someone will do bad things again after being in jail. O’Neil thinks people who work with justice data should know about jail life and how it changes people. Many people in jail don’t get enough food, are kept alone, and are hurt in jail. When jails are full, they can make lots of money. Companies that make jails want to keep them secret.

Soon, computers will know even more about dangerous things. The police in Chicago went to the home of a 22-year-old man who lived in a place with lots of bad things in 2013. They told him they were watching him because he knew people who got in trouble. By focusing on people not doing bad things, police made it worse in places where bad things happen. O’Neil says making things that think everyone is the same is easier than making rules that are fair, even if they are not as fast.