During last hundred years, science findings have changed how humans live a lot. Science methods are used in psychology to know human behavior. Science uses observing system to get knowledge. It is a way to help scientists learn more about our bodies and world. Science helped save people from bad things and sickness by finding vaccines and green revolution. These findings saved many people from dying because of diseases that had no cure.

Science has four important parts:
1. Observing system. Scientists observe things in a good way. They measure and write down what they see to remember well. Most observations are done in controlled places to learn a lot about them.
2. Testing ideas. Scientists make ideas that can be tested. They do experiments to see if the idea is right or wrong. It is a way to check if the ideas are true.
3. Share ideas. Scientists talk about their ideas with others. This helps make science better. They don't ignore other people's work but try to make it better.
4. Build on old ideas. Scientists use old ideas to make new ones. Science grows when new ideas are added to old ones.

Some people think psychology is not science because some things like intelligence and depression are hard to see. But scientists look at behavior because feelings and thoughts are hidden. Scientists watch twins to see how genes and surroundings affect personality. Psychology is now more complicated because of better ways to study people.

Psychologists use different ways like asking questions and measuring body reactions to help people. They study which treatments work best for mental problems. Some treatments help, but some can be bad. It is important to know which treatments are good and which are not.

Nowadays, people can find a lot of information easily. It's important to know if the information is true. Science helps us know what information is right. Scientists use data to explain things clearly. They use words that show how sure they are about something. This is how science is different from non-science.

Scientists use observations to learn new things. They use general rules to understand specific things. If the rules are right, then the conclusion is right. This is different from personal stories. Good research needs careful observations and high-quality data.

Scientists test if there is a link between things in a study. They might think there is a link when there isn't or not see a link when there is one. They can make mistakes in their conclusions. Researchers can set a level for making mistakes in their studies.