Why Austville Health Center Good for Mrs.. Smith to Get Care
Austville Health Center good place for Mrs.. Smith care because close to her home. This means easy for her go there without much transport cost. Also, short distance good for her walk, which helps with her condition. Regular exercise important for healthy weight and blood sugar (Borse et al. 2021, p. 113). Short walk to clinic also good for Mrs.. Smith check her blood sugar often.
Austville good for Mrs.. Smith care as have many healthcare people trained to help old people. It have podiatrist and optometrist who can find and treat diabetes problems. So, Mrs.. Smith can get right medicines for her condition. Also, center have diabetes teacher and education programs. This helps Mrs.. Smith learn how to manage her condition. She can learn about healthy food, test blood sugar, and do exercises to lose weight. This education important for Mrs. Smith manage her condition and not have more problems.
Around Austville, Mrs.. Smith can make friends and socialize. Health center have many elderly people, so Mrs.. Smith can make friends with them. She can also make friends during group exercises at the center. Austville also have café where people can meet and talk. Study show that having friends and support help patients follow treatment and take care of themselves (Li 2021, p. 1). Friends can help Mrs.. Smith be happy and not have too much stress. Austville in place with low money community, so healthcare not expensive. This good for Mrs.. Smith because she only have pension.
Five Healthcare People Mrs.. Smith Need See at Center, What They Can Do
Austville is primary health center, so Mrs.. Smith can get help from many specialists. Five healthcare people Mrs. Smith need help from include podiatrist, optometrist, diabetes teacher, physical therapist, and exercise expert. Podiatrist important in diabetes care team. Diabetes patients have foot problems like ulcers and nerve damage. Podiatrist can find these problems and make plan to treat and stop them (Blanchette et al. 2020, p. 2).
These specialists can find foot problems and treat them to stop more problems. Optometrist also important for Mrs.. Smith care. Diabetes can make eyes blurry. So, eye care important for diabetes patients (Ford et al. 2021, p. 1). Optometrist check Mrs.. Smith eyes often to find and treat any eye problems.
Diabetes teacher important for help Mrs.. Smith manage her diabetes. Diabetes teacher work with Mrs.. Smith to make treatment plan and teach her about healthy food and good lifestyle choices (King et al. 2017, p. 2). Diabetes patients should eat nuts, avocado, beans, and eggs for protein. They should also eat fruits, vegetables, lean proteins, and whole grains (Borse et al. 2021, p. 113). Diabetes teacher may also say to do exercises to lose weight. These specialists also teach families how to help diabetes patients manage their condition. Physical therapist can help reduce diabetes problems with exercises (Harris-Hayes et al. 2020, p. 12). Physical therapist may say to do different exercises like swimming and walking for cardio, and yoga, weightlifting, and calisthenics for strength.
Lastly, Mrs.. Smith may need help from exercise expert who helps patients with chronic illnesses, like diabetes. Exercise expert check patient to find best exercise plan (Pearce & Longhurst 2021, p. 2). They also watch exercises to make sure patients do them safely. With exercise plans, patients can keep good weight and control blood sugar to stop more problems.