Antibiotics fight bacteria in many ways like stopping their food-making, gene making, protein making, cell covering breaking, or stopping cell wall making. By doing this, antibiotics can stop bacteria from growing or kill them. However, when antibiotics fight bacteria, they can leave behind strong bacteria that grow on their own (Reygaert, 2018). Antibiotic resistance happens when germs like bacteria and fungi keep growing by learning to beat drugs made to kill them (Singer et al., 2003; Toerien, 1967). Sometimes, it is hard to treat infections caused by strong germs that resist antibiotics (Foti et al., 2011; Fair & Tor, 2014). Patients with these infections need more time in the hospital, more check-ups, and expensive treatments before getting better.

Tiny living things in the unknown samples are important to find to prevent bad and good bacteria in society. The issue of antibiotic resistance has spread all over the world and affects poorer and developing countries more than richer countries (Ventola, 2015; Waxman, & Strominger, 1983). Because it's easy to buy antibiotics without a doctor's note in many of these places, richer countries mostly need a doctor's note (Alanis, 2005). According to Falagas and Bliziotis (2007), polymyxins were the best antibiotics against three types of bad bacteria. Citrobacter freundii (C. freundii) is often strong against many antibiotic groups, showing that both scientific and nature strains may have elements that resist medicine (Liu et al., 2018). In recent years, there has been more attention on the Enterobacteriaceae family because it's linked to causing animal and human sickness (Stanic et al., 2015). Genus Hafnia is linked to new resistance patterns and infections causing strange diseases and stem cells.

The lab tests and steps done in this course were used to check each student's hands-on knowledge of tiny living things. The goal of this lab report is to find unknown living things using gene checking and usual lab tests on each unknown that helped find each unknown. It's also expected that C. freundii will resist antibiotics more than Hafnia alvei.

Methods
Two unknown living things labeled as #15 and #43 were given on plates. Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) was done to find the group for both unknown living things (#15 and #43). PCR is a lab process that makes many copies of a single DNA bit (BIOS 3120, 2021). It was used to find special 16s rRNA genes in unknown living things by comparing them with known bacteria in a database. The PCR test needed things like Taq polymerase, a DNA bit, PCR starters, DNA building blocks, a loop to put tiny amounts of things, a fire, a tiny pipe, clean water, and a PCR tube. A mix was made to put in the PCR by adding 0.5µL of forward starter 8F, 0.5 µL of backward starter 1492R, 1µL of the DNA bit, 10.5 µL of clean water, and 12.5 µL of special mix to a PCR tube. The tubes were then put in a machine that warms and cools called Eppendorf Mastercycler Nexus Thermal Cycler Gradient set to start at 95 0 C for 10 minutes, then 95 0 C for 1.5 minutes, 55 0 C for 1 minute, 72 0 C for 2 minutes, 72 0 C for 10 minutes, and then hold at 10 0 C (Lab Manual, 2021).

The unknown living things were put on a special broth and plate by using the loop over fire and then moving it in a zig-zag way on the slant. The living things were then kept warm at 37 0 C until the next time to get ready for lab tests. An analysis was done, and samples were used to do six lab tests on each unknown bacteria. For unknown #43, tests done were color, air, breath, juice making, orange juice, and candy tests. For unknown #15, the tests done were color, air, breath, juice making, and candy tests.

Color Test
Color test is a lab trick used to find how thick a living thing's wall is by coloring it either as thick (positive) or thin (negative). To do color test, things needed were clean glass, coloring trays, coloring stuff, water bottle for washing, and bacteria cultures. Color test started with the living thing smear on a warm slide with a bit of the living thing colony in a bit of water. The living thing was then dried by air and then warmed a bit on the bottom. After warming, coloring was done on the living thing smear.

The way this lab test was done, first, coloring drops were added to the smear and then left for sixty seconds. The glass was then washed off; after this step, all cells were purple. Second, some coloring was added to the living thing smear and then left for sixty seconds before washing with water. Juice was added and left to run over the glass for 7 seconds until no more color came out of the living thing smear. The glass was washed with water to stop the coloring. It was seen that good cells keep coloring and stay purple after adding juice while bad cells lose coloring and become clear. Finally, a bit of juice was added on the glass as a second coloring then left for one minute before washing off. The results were then checked by putting and looking at the glass under a glass. Living thing growing at 45 0 C was done by keeping the colony warm for 48 hours, and then checking growth.

Air Test
In a living thing test, an air test was mostly done to know if a living thing needs air using a special cup with part air and part no air. When doing this test, things needed were a cup with a special color and living things #43 and #15 (Beaman et al., 2007). A cup was put with the living thing to check for air, and then kept warm at the best warmness. Growth was then checked for the test on the cup.

Breath Test
Breath test was done to know if bacteria had a special breath-making juice. The juice shows if bacteria can use air in the breathing process as a special food (Beaman et al., 2007). Breath test was done by putting bacteria on a breath circle where special juice was added on top, and then looking at color changes.

Juice Making Test
A juice making test is done to see if bacteria make a special juice called juice-making juice in a bacteria test. Juice-making juice is used for breaking down a bad juice, which is a bad chemical (Beaman et al., 2007). The test was done by putting bacteria on a special slant and growing it at the best warmth for 48 hours, after which special juice was added. The test was done on how bacteria reacted with the juice.

Orange Juice Test
An orange juice test is done to know if bacteria can use orange juice as the only food and drink. Orange juice test was done