Influence on Jazz History

Charles Bolden came from New Orleans and was the first person to play what we now call jazz music. Many early jazz players said Charles started jazz. Louis Armstrong and Jelly Roll Morton said that Bolden was really important in jazz music. Some things from Bolden’s music, like syncopation, polyrhythms, and making music up on the spot, still matter today in jazz (Nmaam, 2019). Buddy Bolden’s band couldn’t read music, so they either copied or made music on the spot. This is how jazz music became known for making music up as you go. Young jazz players today get ideas from the first jazz king and his influence on music culture. 

Bolden was famous for being very loud. People who talked about his music said how loud he played. He made people dance like crazy with his cornet music (Micucci, 2019). Bolden could get lost in his music and not think about anything else. He played slow blues mixed with naughty words. By mixing gospel and blues, he made a new sound that spread in New Orleans. Changing rhythms, how he played, and melodies made fans love him and changed music forever.

People and Events in His Life and Career

Bolden started playing the cornet when he was young. Manuel Hall, a neighbor, taught him. He played in parades, picnics, and union halls in his area. Bolden later joined a band led by Charles Galloway and showed his music skills. After that, he made his band with five members playing different instruments like the guitar, clarinets, bass, trombone, and drums. They played different types of music like ragtime, blues, and waltzes. Even though the band didn’t know much about music, Bolden added his own touch.

Bolden was also inspired by music from his town. He heard happy singing, spiritual songs, and shouts nearby. Musicians who played certain dances influenced his music style (Sandmel, 2019). He played with other jazz musicians like George Baquet, Sidney Bechet, and Peter Bocage, who helped him a lot. Bolden learned music styles from African American and Afro-Caribbean cultures. Brass bands that played at different events also influenced his music.

In 1902, he was listed as a musician in the city directory (Sandmel, 2019). By 1890, Bolden had the best band in New Orleans. As more people liked his music, he played at more dances and parades around town. Sadly, performing a lot and drinking too much made him stop in 1906. He couldn’t keep up with the band and left eventually. Bolden played for the last time in a parade on Labor Day in 1906.