Counsel parents about kids' feelings is tough because parents see how fast kids grow and that feelings start when kids are born. So, I would talk to parents about kid feelings based on proof on what is usual and not usual at each age. I would also try to be kind to the parents' way of life, as some parents may think some things are bad even with proof because of their culture. I would also teach about how to act when kids have feelings. The National Center on Kid Feelings (NCKF, n.d.) says there are two ways to act: "right then" and "later." At the time, parents should stop, think, not get upset, change the behavior, listen, and teach about right behavior. Later, parents need to think about everything they know, get ready to talk, and talk to the kid.

To know if feelings are usual, you need to know that good behavior is not the same for all ages. For example, kids 0-6 might touch their private parts in public, but by age five, some kids start to feel shy and do it in private (NCKF, n.d.). So, to know if the behavior is usual, you need to know what is good at each age and see if the kid gets better instead of worse.

Talk about: Starting the HPV Shot
HPV is a common sickness that can cause different cancers (CDC, 2021). So, stopping HPV is important to not get these cancers. Right now, getting the HPV shot is a choice; but some people want it to be needed (Ferris et al., 2010). The study by Ferris et al. (2010) seems to be based on some ideas about culture and feelings. First, making the HPV shot needed means the researchers think people have lots of partners (Best et al., 2019). People who are not having sex think bad about the HPV shot being needed because they don't need it (Best et al., 2019). Also, people in long relationships or married don't like the shot for the same reason (Best et al., 2019).
Second, Ferris et al. (2010) don't have strong beliefs about religion. Research shows that religious people don't like the HPV shot (Best et al., 2019). Maybe because they think getting the shot means having lots of partners (Best et al., 2019). Religious people mostly have one partner (Best et al., 2019). So, I think making the HPV shot needed in schools is not right because it doesn't think about what people believe.

Talk 3: My Feelings and What I Need to Do
I think one thing that might happen in my work is telling others about things, even if I think it's not right. For example, clients might tell me they drank alcohol even if they're not allowed. According to Rule 23 of the Rules for Human Service Pros, I have to tell my boss, which might mean the client can't be in the program anymore (National Organization of Human Services, 2015). But, I might think it's better for the client if I don't tell.
First, I need to tell the client about my job and what I have to do, so we can talk. Then, I will say I have to tell my boss, but I will also say how likely it is for the client to drink again. I will say the client told me without being forced. Finally, I will look for other programs and try to tell my boss the client should stay.