The word “confession” means to tell bad things you did, and want to say sorry for them. Augustine started writing the Confessions when he was maybe 43 years old. It is not very clear why he wrote it, but there could be two reasons. First, his people didn’t trust his high standards, his job as a good teacher, his education from the pagans, and his past as a Manichee. By writing this, he could protect himself from this doubt and show he was a real Christian. Another reason could be his friendship with Alypius and other Christians like Paulinus Nola.
The Confessions has 13 parts; the first 9 talk about Augustine’s life and spiritual journey, book 10 is about the struggles he still had. Books 11 to 13 talk about the start of Genesis. The first ten books were about Agustine, the last three were about the Bible. The Confessions had many themes like evil, sin, time, pain, desire, truth, wisdom, weakness, pride, and peace. Augustine said God can’t be the cause of evil. He said, “evil is not real.” Evil only exists when good is missing.
Saint Augustine’s Confessions talk a lot about finding peace inside. He thinks humans can’t be peaceful without God; humans are made to look for peace in God. He talks about good things like ancient philosophers and beauty. Augustine had trouble in school and didn’t have money. Even though he was sad, he believed students should learn more than care about money. He said, “You, O God, are the truth and our peace.” Even when he was upset, Augustine stayed calm and thought that peace is always possible.
Augustine wanted to quit teaching after his holiday because of his health. He told his students who didn’t care about God that they were wrong. He also talked a lot about the Bible. Augustine liked music and singing psalms when he was sad. He said love is not only for people, but also for God’s love for us and the love everything has for life. Love changes as we grow up.
Augustine felt jealousy even as a baby. He said babies are selfish and want everything for themselves. He said love is where sin starts, even when we are born. Augustine talks about love in teenage years. People start to want different kinds of love at this time. He said his biggest wish was to love and be loved. He said thinking about love can lead us closer to God or away from God.
Augustine went to a show to understand feelings. He wanted to enjoy feelings but realized it took him away from God. Confessions talks a lot about sin, forgiveness, and running away from problems. Augustine tried to avoid Christianity and did things that were not good. He thought he couldn’t live how the Bible said. This book was important in the Middle East, showing real sin and asking for forgiveness.
Augustine also talked about freedom in Confessions. He said freedom is when we have evil thoughts in ourselves. He said this is why we do bad things and get punished. Augustine said we were made like God, so we have the freedom to do anything. But we shouldn’t use freedom as an excuse to do bad things. Augustine had a hard time in school; he read a book that changed his life. He also saw the Bible and started to look for the truth.
In the City of God, Augustine talks about Adam’s sin. Adam thought he was better than Eve but still ate the forbidden fruit. Adam’s sin was disobeying God. Augustine talked about lust and how it brings death. Lust is when we want things too much, and it leads us away from God. Sin is like pretending to be God, just like Adam did.
In the end, Saint Augustine’s Confessions talk about sin a lot. Augustine shows how sin can bring us to God or push us away. These ideas are similar to what other authors like Aristotle and Plato wrote about.