Achieving main and special skills is very important for DNP students because it helps them learn important things for their future job. That's why it's a good idea to check if the science work and practice hours help reach this goal. So, this paper will talk about how I learned five course goals and what I think about my work.
Nursing and science ideas are important for me at work. That's why I tried hard to use them in my classes. For example, these ideas helped me see that creating different research and practice themes is good. This is important because my assignments showed that working together is very important. I saw that there should be a link between researchers and decision-makers because facts should guide healthcare to solve problems, like pressure injuries.
Also, working on my project showed me that ideas are important to solve health problems. That's why the planned behavior theory is helpful to reduce pressure injuries in healthcare. Facts support this idea, and practice hours showed it works. Patients get better when they are told what to do. So, this theory is good to fight pressure injuries.
Using science ideas helped me improve healthcare. This is important because many things, like injuries and infections, can hurt patients. This is why using specific guidelines can help reduce patient falls and improve healthcare. This shows that reading a lot helped me use new ways to give better healthcare.
Also, learning the course goals helped me get good information for my project. I learned about epidemiology, research, and numbers for pressure injuries. I used books to get all the right information about this health problem.
In the future, I will use this knowledge for my project. I will use the planned behavior theory to help patients. This is important because patients need clear advice to get better. Also, I learned that using science ideas is good if we have enough proof. So, I will find good books to help my project.
DNPs should know about business, money, and economics, so I studied this too. I made a budget for my project and explained it. I learned that it's important to spend the right amount of money on medical care. This will help me in my job.
Also, the class work helped me be a better leader and make good decisions for healthcare. I read about breast cancer to see how to give better care. I found that early tests can help find breast cancer early and save lives.
In healthcare, we need good leaders, so I learned this during my practice hours. I worked with different professionals to learn how to lead a group. I used different leadership styles to help them work together. Having a good leader is very important in healthcare.
Also, I learned that we need to follow health laws and rules in our work. This is important because the rules guide healthcare. I also learned about some problems with pressure ulcers in hospitals. So, I know my job is to make sure patients are safe.
This part will say how I will use what I learned for my project. Knowing about money and business is important to see if my ideas are good or not. Being a good leader will help me work with patients and other people. Also, using good technology is needed in healthcare, so I will focus on this too.
Learning about health information systems is very important for DNP nurses. I worked hard to learn this in one of my classes. I learned about a theory for nursing in hypertension. This helped me see how to use theories in my work.
Also, I checked health information online to see if it was correct. I used numbers and tools to see how much money my project will need. Reading good books helped me learn more about healthcare and tools we can use.
At the same time, I studied online therapy to see how it can help patients. This is important because it can help us give better care. I learned about how to check if online tools are easy to use.
Also, one of my classes was about quality and safety concepts. I saw that we can improve patient safety by following some rules. This showed me that we can make healthcare better if we follow these rules.
Finally, I will use what I learned for my project. Knowing about health data helps me see which people need help. Also, I will make sure my project is fair for everyone. And I will focus on using tools to reduce pressure injuries because they are helpful.
Reading about breast cancer helped me see why it's a problem for many women. This showed me that hormones play a role in this disease. So, we need to find ways to help women stay healthy.
Reading good books helped me find good information for my project. This is important because we need facts to help us make good choices. I used many sources to find the right information. This helped me see how to read a research paper and find the right info.
Also, I worked on fair treatment and good policies in healthcare. I read about how COVID-19 affects healthcare workers. This showed me that we need to give everyone the right tools to work safely. This is important to help everyone in healthcare.
Also, I found that using good tools can help give better care. This is why I looked for studies that support using tools to reduce pressure injuries. So, I checked if this idea was right by reading more books.
In the end, what I learned will help me with my project. Knowing how to find health data will help me find the right people to help. Also, I will make sure my project treats everyone fairly. And I will focus on using tools to reduce pressure injuries because they work.
The draft plan helped me see if my ideas can help in healthcare. This helped me see if we can reduce pressure injuries in healthcare. So, I looked at what other people did to solve this problem. This will help me find a good plan for my project.
Also, I learned about different ways to improve healthcare. I talked with my classmates about good ways to give care. This helped me see which way is best. Also, I saw that patients need to be part of the care process. This way, we can help them get better.
My project will help improve healthcare. This is because it will help prevent problems in the future. Also, using a good plan can help patients get better care. So, I will find the best way to give care and help patients stay healthy.
Finally, I will make small changes to my project plan before sending it for review. I will check if it has all the right things needed. This means I will read it many times to fix any mistakes. Mistakes can be about what I wrote, how the plan works, and more. So, I will make sure my plan is very good.