Power can change those who use it, and wanting power often causes harm. People who try to get power over others will not succeed because wanting too much often leads to bad actions, which get punished. The government makes rules and checks if they are followed, but the person in charge of power must make sure things are fair and equal.

Sad stories are important in Shakespeare’s work. They show how smart he was and what life was like in his time. Following generations have learned from Shakespeare’s stories. His plays have been understood in different ways over time. Macbeth, one of his famous plays, shows how wanting power can hurt people. Macbeth, driven by wanting more, does bad things and puts himself before others.

People, like the main characters in the play, who are obsessed with becoming king, often do bad things because of power. Macbeth is all about wanting more; that’s why he says, “I’ll dare anything a person can dare,” and later, “I want to know what happens last.” Macbeth is about a big personality who could have had a good life, but wanting power too much made him lose touch with people and himself.

Macbeth is ready to hurt friends to become king. He kills the king while he sleeps and orders other families to be killed. Macbeth only sees things in his way to power. After thinking he could be king, Macbeth, once a brave warrior, changes into a greedy killer.

His wife, Lady Macbeth, seems even more ambitious than him. She tells Macbeth to kill the king if he visits them. “Look kind outside, but be mean inside,” she says. She pushes Macbeth to do bad things, shaping their future. Without her, Macbeth wouldn’t have done any of this.

At the end of the play, Lady Macbeth goes crazy and Macbeth dies, showing how power can change people. When Lady Macbeth sees blood on her hands, Macbeth, who thought he was powerful, is killed. Their ambition for power makes them lose their minds and humanity. Seeking power can reveal bad sides of people and lead to a bad end.

But not everyone who wants power turns bad. Some people don’t care for power. However, most times, power goes to those who want it. In Macbeth, the throne should have been Duncan’s and later his son’s, who could have been a great king. Macbeth gets power because he goes after it. While power doesn’t always corrupt, it often destroys those who want it.

Power changes people who have it, and wanting power leads to suffering. Macbeth shows how wanting too much can hurt people, showing the danger of power. The end of Macbeth, with Lady Macbeth going mad and Macbeth dying, reveals how power can corrupt. The play shows how seeking power can end tragically. Macbeth kills innocent people, including kids, just to get power. His wife’s desire for power drives everything in the end. The play teaches that seeking power just for the sake of it is not right. Power and authority shouldn’t be the most important things in life.