Many problems about the new rules for bailing out have caused big talks. At first, people thought the changes would make things fairer and kinder. But now, setting some people free without bail has led to more people getting arrested again for serious crimes while waiting for trial. So, we need to look closely at all the reasons behind these big changes. Also, we must make a good plan for letting people go without bail.

Changing how bail works is just one of many changes to the justice system lately. Now, judges can't ask for money to let someone go. Also, judges can't check if a person might be risky for the community. Plus, not being able to go home before the trial can cause big problems with work and housing, as said by Gold and Wright (2020). The start of changing bail rules was to fight against unfairness that let rich people buy freedom and go home.

Now, many people are in jail even though they're not proven guilty yet. Most of them are from poor areas and can't pay the money to be with family, work, and get ready for trial. This bad cycle led many activists and politicians to suggest a change to help and stop unfair treatment. Koepke and Robinson (2018) say the current ways to check if a person is risky or not don’t really help lower the number of people in jail. So, even if the new way has some good effects, it also lets criminals avoid punishment and make life hard for others.

It's not easy to decide about bail because there are not many other ways to make sure a person comes back to court. But it's clear that we need to rethink how bail works. As Baughman (2019) says, when done right, bail keeps dangerous people away; when done wrong, it keeps poorer people in jail longer. With all the problems in the economy now, we can’t take the risk of getting rid of bail completely. Releasing almost everyone is not a good idea when more people are doing crimes. We need different ways to deal with them, not just let them go home.

Keeping society safe should be the main goal for courts and the police. So, it's important to let judges, not social workers, choose if someone can go free. One good step would be to make a fair set of rules that look at a person's past. Also, we need to tell apart someone's first crime from if they keep doing bad things. I want to be hopeful about the future of bail changes. I wish that in the next ten years, we can make a system that treats innocent people better and helps criminals change without needing to let most people go free.