Introduction
Worldwide connections have big effects on how money moves around and how people can go from one place to another. Many people change where they live, the type of places they live in, and what they do for work in a short time. They end up in a new, strange place with new people. These new places have different ways of living, different values, and people speaking different languages. The increase in groups of people living away from their original home makes a big difference in how much they help the economy. This work looks at these groups of people as one of the most important parts of the money-making things happening now. All the money-making things connected to these groups follow the bigger trends in modern life.

One big trend happening because of all the new connections worldwide is that these groups of people are becoming more and more important in making money. Sometimes, these groups can make as much money as the actual countries they come from. In some cases, they can even make more money than the people who live in the country they’re in. Nowadays, many members of these groups, while still keeping their original culture and religion, might change their citizenship and become part of another country. In today’s world, this kind of change is becoming more common. More and more people with two citizenships are taking part in the money-making activities of two or more countries, cultures, and groups. For example, they might invest money in one country and send some of it to their original home, pay taxes in two places, and more. Because of this, these groups help local communities grow their money a lot.

Background
These groups of people have been around for a long time, just like ethnic groups and religious communities. We can see this in old stories and information about groups of people who didn’t have their own country yet. The makeup of these groups can help them become leaders in making money (Welde et al., 2020). One of the most well-known ways these groups form is when people have to leave their home country. Usually, the people who move are men who can work, have good education and skills, are energetic and like to take on new things (Stone & Scott, 2018). So, these people are more likely to work and make money compared to the average person in their original community.

This movement of people can happen on its own or be controlled by countries who want more or fewer people to come in. Some countries ask for specific types of people to come in, while others might limit how many people can come based on their age, skills, money, and more (Koinova, 2018a). Because of this selection process, these groups can play a bigger role in making money than the average person in the place they’re in (Seraphin et al., 2019). This can show in how well they live, which might be better than where they came from.

Key Scholars and Theoretical Frameworks
Many researchers are interested in how these groups affect the money side of things in countries. The theories about this topic touch on different parts of the problem. They look at things like how people from these groups work together, how they help each other, and what happens when they move to a new place (Carment & Calleja, 2018). In their research, scientists talk about different sides of how these groups, the people who move, the money they send home, and the skills they bring, affect making money.

These theories are connected to how the world is getting more connected, how different cultures mix, and how new cultural identities are formed. In the 1990s, a new way of looking at this started – the transnational approach. One important person in this research is Peggy Levitt, who has worked with Glick-Schiller on this topic (Levitt & Schiller, 2004). She is a big name in sociology when it comes to studying how people move between countries. She’s also known for talking about how companies from different countries work together.

The idea of “transnational social space,” brought up by these researchers, got a lot of feedback from sociologists. Waldinger (2017) expanded on this idea by writing about the limits of this way of looking at things. He thinks it’s wrong to think about a country without thinking about its land (Waldinger, 2017). But he also likes the idea of people from different countries talking and working together. Even though he disagrees with the original idea, he suggests a new way to think about it (Waldinger, 2017). He believes that these groups being part of the market in different countries helps make strong connections around the world.

One aspect of studying these groups is looking at what makes them who they are. The idea that’s talked about looks at the parts that reflect what these groups are all about. These groups usually form because they had to leave their home country. This means that big groups of people or whole communities end up outside where they started (Guo, 2021). Sometimes, people leave on their own, which also creates small communities in new places. The main idea of these groups is that they already have a strong identity from where they came from.

It’s clear that some ideas in all these theories match and help each other. For example, Hannaford talks about how these moves were often forced (Hannaford, 2018). She also talks about how the memories of these communities are a big part of who they are (Hannaford, 2018). Lapshyna agrees with this, saying that the memories and self-identity of these groups are tied to the memories that connect them to their home communities (Lapshyna, 2019). These shared experiences and memories help these groups remember where they come from and who they are.

The idea that these groups stay connected to each other in Hannaford’s work is similar to Han’s idea of how these groups talk to each other. Unlike Lapshyna, Han focuses on how well the Jewish groups can talk to each other (Han, 2018). This shows how these groups can work across different countries. Just the fact that you have parts of the same group in two or more countries tells us that there’s a network of connections between them (Meillassoux, 2018). This is a big feature of these groups today, if not all of them, then most of the old and new ones.

All these ideas think about different parts of what makes up these groups. They show that these groups can go beyond just one country. Scientists talk about how these groups build social networks in different countries and spaces between countries (Lacroix et al., 2016). Most scientists agree that there’s a special space where these groups live. This space isn’t just about the social part of these groups, but also about how they help make money.