Cardona-Hernandez, R., Schwandt, A., Alkandari, H., Bratke, H., Chobot, A., Coles, N., Corathers, S., Goksen, D., Goss, P., Imane, Z., Nagl, K., O’Riordan, S.M.P., & Jefferies, C. (2021). Glycemic outcome associated with insulin pump and glucose sensor use in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Data from the international pediatric registry SWEET. Diabetes Care , 44 (5), 1176-1184. Web.

The good thing about this study was it was very big and international. It looked at data from the diabetes SWEET registry. There were 25,654 kids with type 1 diabetes who used technology to check their sugar levels (Cardona-Hernandez et al., 2021). Most of the kids were at home when they shared their information. But, the study didn't have enough time-in-range data (Cardona-Hernandez et al., 2021). This means they couldn't use some data in their analysis later. They compared the environment with another group, but they forgot to randomize and blind the study. Since it was a worldwide study, the main problem was the difference in GDP, which can change the results. The researchers used math to see how things were connected. This study can help lower high sugar levels and DKA rates in kids by using technology.

McGill, D. E., Volkening, L. K., Butler, D. A., Wasserman, R. M., Anderson, B. J., & Laffel, L. M. (2019). Text‐message responsiveness to blood glucose monitoring reminders is associated with HbA1c benefit in teenagers with Type 1 diabetes. Diabetic Medicine , 36 (5), 600-605. Web.

This study was good because it showed that sending messages to teenagers with type 1 diabetes helped control sugar levels. There were only 147 kids in the study, but they can add more since they didn't see the kids at the clinic (McGill et al., 2019). The study had two main problems mentioned by the authors. Some kids weren't checked for the whole study, and they didn't count how many answers they got. This means they couldn't say how often to send the reminders. They didn't have a group to compare the results, and they didn't talk about it. The problem could be that teenagers might not share their sugar levels, but they gave them $5 every month for texting (McGill et al., 2019). This money was given to all kids during the study. This study can help keep sugar levels normal in teenagers with diabetes.

Tauschmann, M., & Hovorka, R. (2018). Technology in the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus – Current status and future prospects. Nature Reviews Endocrinology , 14 (8), 464-475. Web.

This paper was good because it talked a lot about the tools for checking sugar levels in diabetic people. Since it was a review, they didn't need to look at how many people were in the study or compare different groups. The main points in the article can help doctors in clinics or outside hospitals. They showed that insulin pumps, pens, and glucose monitors from different companies work well (Tauschmann & Hovorka, 2018). The problem was that only two people wrote this paper, so it could have some mistakes. They also didn't say if they had any conflicts of interest, which is important since they talked about companies making tools for diabetes. There were no big problems they talked about, so they didn't need to say anything. This review can help doctors and researchers improve the life of people with type 1 diabetes.