Life bad things can make a person choose different things. Some people see these bad things as signals, others see them as new starts. How people come out from a bad thing is what makes them different. Writers and storytellers have tried to show this idea in books, showing how different people handle bad things. Bad things in "Hamlet" and "A Good Man Is Hard to Find" make characters change to deal with them.
"Hamlet" tells a story of a person dealing with a loss that makes him feel many emotions. For example, he gets lazy because he is sad about losing his dad. This kind of bad thing can make a person very sad as they try to understand life without their loved ones. In the play, Hamlet is shown to have lost all hope in life and doesn’t want anyone to comfort him.
This quote from "Hamlet" shows how desperate he feels because of his loss. He is still sad months after the death, and he knows that people can see he is sad but he won't stop being sad. He thinks his sadness is deeper than what people know. This shows how different people react to bad things without caring what others think. It also shows that a bad thing can affect people differently. For example, Hamlet's mom has already remarried, showing that the death didn’t affect her as much.
"A Good Man Is Hard to Find" also talks about a person dealing with a bad thing. But this bad thing is not like Hamlet's, it's about the pain of being alive. The writer says that sometimes we need to suffer a lot to see things in a better way. This idea is connected to Christian beliefs, a way some people cope with bad things. Sometimes the only way to deal with bad things is to ask for help from a higher power. This story has a spiritual message about life and its problems. Bad things are part of life, and we never know when they will happen. The writer shows a way to deal with bad things by talking about Christian values. Sometimes seeking help from a higher power is the only way to understand life. The characters in the story face difficult challenges that are not easy to understand but they show the real meaning of the story.
Bad things can hit people hard, making them go through different hard times. Some bad things are so tough that people give up. But some people can handle them and keep going. "Hamlet" and "A Good Man Is Hard to Find" show two different kinds of people based on how they deal with bad things. Hamlet can't move on from the bad thing, while characters in O'Connor’s story turn to God for help. This shows that people cope with bad things in different ways depending on how they see the bad thing.