There are many problems that can make a project plan not work well. So, it is very important to look at all the things that might be problems for making the plan work. The plan is very complicated and needs to look at everything to make it work. Changes that affect how an organization works can cause many issues like spending more money, employees not feeling motivated, and not wanting to change. We need to study the problems and find good solutions for them.

One big problem is that employees might not see why the changes in the plan are important and need to happen quickly. So, it is very important to show all employees why the changes are good for the hospital. It is also important to show how a hospital's success is linked to how much employees are paid. 

Some employees might worry about their pay when the plan is happening. Things like not working well together, nurses not feeling motivated, not looking at things as a whole, and not getting support can stop the plan from working well. So, we need to show these employees that the changes will have good results in the end.

Another problem that can make the plan not happen on time is deadlines. Even though the plan says how long each step should take, things might happen that make it take longer. So, we need to give more instructions to employees about how to mix old and new ways together. Some people say that nurses didn't know much about computers, so managers and others might not know how to use new technology well. So, we need to teach employees about computers and make sure they help with the plan to make it work.

We need to use new ways and ideas when we put the plan into action. Some people say that careful planning, doing things, checking how it went, and telling many people about it are important for making the plan work. Others say that it is very important to tell different groups about the plan, say what works and what doesn't, and talk about the good and bad parts of sharing the plan. So, getting information and proof is very important to stop problems.

There are many things that can stop the plan from working quickly and well. But, the answers in this work help us see what is good and bad about the plan and can help with future changes. So, we need to follow the original plan and do what it says if things get hard. But, we also need to try harder to make sure people get paid, stay happy, and know what to do if things don't happen on time.