In his essay for The Explicator, Stephen Slimp says that at the end of “Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?,” Connie has found a “deep spirit” through meeting Arnold and that “Her loud screaming, from meeting evil, makes her want a good relationship with another person—her mom” (p. 180). I agree that Connie really needs her mom as she understands how bad Arnold is, but the story’s third and sixth parts suggest Connie is in trouble because she doesn’t have the right help against him from her social world.
The third part of the story shows Connie’s family didn’t teach her right and wrong or how to protect herself from real bad things. Her mom doesn’t guide Connie well and only says bad things about her daydreams. Her sister June is praised for helping at home. Her dad is always busy and doesn’t talk to them. This leads to Connie making bad choices with boys. The sixth part talks about how Connie doesn’t know much about the world and that’s why she is in danger with Arnold. She is not used to older men and doesn’t know how to ask for help. Her parents didn’t prepare her for bad things and Connie had never faced such situations before. She is too young to see the danger in going to a restaurant where older kids hang out. She doesn’t realize the risk, only feels excited to be with grown-ups. The way she sits and stands shows she is young but tries to act grown-up.
These parts show Connie goes with Arnold because she is inexperienced and her family didn’t care for her emotions. Her parents’ behavior made her doubt herself and she didn’t know how to resist Arnold. She feels alone and listens to Arnold to protect her family. Her childhood and how she grew up made her weak against evil.
To sum up, the third and sixth parts tell us how Connie’s family and lack of social experience lead her to go with Arnold. Her dad ignores her and her mom is mean, not teaching her about dangers. Her innocence and limited social life make her an easy target for evil. This shows how neglected kids can fall into bad situations because they don’t know any better.