In today, many people all around the world pay more and more attention to cryptocurrency. Even if not many people use it yet, some financial institutions and companies use it because they think it can affect the financial market later. Simply put, cryptocurrency is like a digital money kept safe by secret codes – that's why it can't be spent twice or faked. There are a few kinds of cryptocurrencies now, and most of them work on networks that are not controlled by one central power, using computer networks to make sure things are secure. The government can't change or get involved with cryptocurrency because they don't control it or make it. 

The importance of this research is about the unknown and debated effect of cryptocurrency. While some say it's a better and stable option to regular money, some smart people say its ups and downs might really hurt many businesses later (Nova, 2021). That's why it's good to look into it and see how it might affect things and plan ahead. This paper wants to study what cryptocurrency is like, what makes it special, and how it affects things by looking at what others have written, trying to answer the question: Is cryptocurrency a shaky thing? The answer will help to agree or disagree with the main idea of the paper – saying that cryptocurrency, by being an uncontrolled bubble for a long time, makes the financial world and money system unstable, doesn’t keep investors safe, makes the global market weak, and makes rich and poor gaps bigger.

By looking at past studies, this digital money thing seems like a good choice compared to regular money because it's not controlled by the government. It can't be spent twice or faked, and people think it's the future of money stuff. But, when you read about cryptocurrency and check the facts, you see that it's not very stable and might cause problems for different businesses. Recent studies show that cryptocurrency is a bubble that lasts long and its worth is made up. If it's not controlled well, its value going up and down might bring big problems in the money world and make rich and poor gaps bigger. In the future, we might need to look more closely at cryptocurrency and regular money and how they're controlled to back up the findings of this paper.