The purpose of cultural criminology is to look at and tell about crime and ways of controlling crime as things from culture. Criminal things and people controlling crime are seen as creative ideas that can be shown in cultural practices with symbols. So, people in groups with their own culture, politicians, people making media, companies, and others who are important give good reasons for what they do. Cultural criminology thinks its job is to analyze how things are understood, understood again, and taken apart (Wickert, 2019). The idea doesn't see itself as only a theory of crime; instead, it's a way of thinking about crime as a thing, putting a lot of importance on pictures, symbols, and how people show themselves. Cultural criminology mainly uses social feelings to understand and methods of studying groups of people and looking at written things and content. 

The most important thing that makes cultural criminology different from other ideas about crime is that it puts crime and controlling it in a special situation that can be seen in different ways. This means that the idea sees crime and the people and groups controlling crime as things from culture or as creative ideas. So, looking at corruption has to think about the things it means. To understand cultural criminology, it's important to think about ideas like crime as a culture, culture as a crime, how media shows controlling crime and corruption, and how politics fit into culture, crime, and cultural criminology. 

Crime as a culture means seeing groups that break the rules as groups of symbols, which can be things like the way they look, words they use, and things that show who they are. This idea means that people in these groups need to be able to understand and make sense of the rules and ways of doing things in the group. Also, in these groups where crime is part of their culture, they might use symbols to talk to each other instead of talking face to face. 

Culture as crime is a big part of cultural criminology that talks about making cultural things and people who are part of culture into things that are seen as breaking the rules. Looking at this area depends on the difference between what some people call "fancy culture" and what most people like. Making cultural things and the different ways they are seen mostly affects popular things. Even though, sometimes, things that are seen as high culture can also be seen as breaking the rules. For example, pictures by Jock Sturges and Robert Mapplethorpe were thought to be bad even though they were supposed to be art. But, usually, the bad names and making things look like crimes mostly affect artists who are part of small groups and not very known, like black rap singers, punk singers, LGBTQ artists, and others. 

One big focus area, looking at how the media talks about controlling crime and crime, is about studying how the justice system and the media talk about each other. Thinking about works by Cohen and Becker, ideas like when everyone is scared and when people who are seen as bad become famous have been talked about a lot in the media. One example of the media talking about controlling crime and crime is about the Satanic panic, a time when a lot of people were scared, which was shown in the media a lot in the 1980s (Hughes, 2016). This time was about a lot of scary stories about more than twelve thousand cases of people doing bad things in the name of Satan in the 1980s in the United States (Hughes, 2016). The problem with this is that the media showed a lot of bad things happening that weren't true or from places where the news wasn't good. Because the media and crime depend on each other, mostly when they decide what bad things should be shown and what should not be talked about. In the area of how the media talks about controlling crime and crime, it's important to think about how the media shows crime as something people watch for fun. 

Another focus area is about how politics fit in with culture, crime, and cultural criminology, and it's about studying who has power when it comes to controlling people, media, and crime. Mainly, groups who don't act like most people become targets for being watched and controlled by the government or are seen as things to make money from. In the time of "cultural wars," people who say what art is good argue about if art is good or bad. But, people who don't like this art say it's bad and do things against artists. The way that artists who have political ideas are told what to do is a big problem for understanding art from a big group's perspective. Mass media shows a lot about crime and controlling people by talking about some things and not talking about others. For example, there are many TV shows now (like Making a Murderer, the Night Stalker, Tiger King, The Jinx, and others) that talk about crime from a cultural way. In Making a Murderer, for example, living in a small town is shown as full of crime because the people there don't have good lives and don't go to school. In The Jinx, it talks about how people who are rich and strong can do bad things without getting caught for a long time. 

Cultural criminology is different from the main idea about crime because it talks about special words. For example, the idea talks about things like breaking rules, a time when there's a lot of crime, and doing dangerous things. At parties, the normal rules about who has power and what people should do are not important, and no one gets in trouble for doing things that don't make sense. Understanding crime, like Max Weber talked about, is important for knowing what people do and why they do it. The main thing is to look at people and how they talk about what they do. And, the idea of style is also important because people use different symbols to talk to each other, especially in their relationships and when they talk about things. 

Even though cultural criminology isn't only a way to understand crime by itself, some people don't like it. For example, some people say it's too general, and the way it studies things doesn't make sense because it doesn't show how bad things are. But, even with people not liking it, especially now when the media talks a lot about crime, cultural criminology helps to understand how crime and culture are connected in today's world.