The problems companies can have when trying to work together inside are able to be put into five groups by where they come from and what they are like. The first one comes from not having a clear plan for how the company works, which makes it hard for the different parts to talk well. According to Bowersox (2019), this happens when the workers who do certain things are put together to make things work perfectly (p. 332). But sometimes, this can cause the company to not work well together, meaning they don’t feel like a team, and this can come from the top people too (Naseem et al., 2021). I saw this at a job where the boss didn’t care about how things were done. Also, some of my coworkers thought their job was the most important and made others upset.

The old ways of managing people and rewarding them, which come from that way of working, can also get in the way of everyone working together. They just copy that way of working, and focus on how well people do their job instead of how they fit in with everyone else and how they help the whole company do well (Bowersox, 2019, p. 332). This starts even before people start working; many schools just use grades to say how good someone is. So, when people finish school, like me, they have to learn about other ways to be rewarded, and it’s mostly just theory.

Because of this, information doesn’t move around well in these old-style companies. The data they use should be organized by what it’s for and who’s in charge, which makes it hard to share and use it (Bowersox, 2019). This can lead to not just the different parts of the company not working together, but also to bad communication with customers and not giving good service; that’s why Naseem et al. (2021) call this kind of problem coordination barriers. The company I talked about before is a good example of this. When people aren’t on the same page, they can’t do their best work.

The way data moves around can also make it hard for new parts of the company to fit in. So, these companies can’t grow or work with others well; they need to work together, but the old way doesn’t allow that. Also, hiring new people might not help much because they won’t know what they need to know (Bowersox, 2019). That’s why I left that job. I didn’t see any way to grow there because I couldn’t use my skills fully.

Lastly, having the wrong setup can also be a problem, including things like how things are moved, stored, and kept in stock. Bowersox (2019) says that a company should only have what they need to survive when sales go down. If they have too much, they will spend a lot of money on things they don’t need, and they might go bad. This happens in everyday life too, like when people have too many things at home, which I also do. But in business, it’s worse because it stops things from working smoothly.