Introduction
Many people who believe in religion often show strong dislikes towards others. The connection between religion and dislikes must consider the many sides of religion and who the dislikes are towards. Religion includes many different moral, social, emotional, and thinking parts. However, thinking and social parts are important in deciding who is in a group and who is seen as a problem globally, thus linking religion and dislikes. Catholicism and Islam are said to be very important in religious dislikes.
Catholicism
Being mean and racist are common ways of showing dislikes that the Catholic Church doesn't like. But, studies say that some Catholics have tried hard to support racist actions recently. Because of this, the Catholic Church has admitted to being part of this and not doing the right thing morally. Since 1958, the church has really tried to fix this bad situation. Also, the church's actions and current feelings about racism and being mean, which are goals of many Catholic groups, were made to support a welcoming culture and fight against the idea of racism. Pope John XXIII is known for making changes in the Catholic Church since he started.
Muslim
According to studies, there have been higher levels of dislikes that keep growing among Muslims recently. The Muslim group, especially Arabian and American Muslims, often face being treated badly by other Muslims, leading to a lot of tension. These groups are often rejected by their religious group. Even worse, going to other countries has caused them many problems and challenges. All this comes from how people feel about others in the Muslim group. Many tries to stop or lower dislikes have not made big changes in this problem. So, the Muslims are seen as causing more dislikes within their groups.
Media’s Role in Dislikes
Media can change how people think, believe, act, and other social parts. For a while, rules have aimed to use media to affect and support unfair beliefs, like violence against certain genders. Media changes how people think in two ways, social and personal. The info shown in media makes a shared idea of what is normal because of social effects. Also, it helps social harmony as more people think the same, hoping others agree. So, media info about what's normal might make people agree with it as a personal effect. So, media has a big impact on changing thoughts about violence towards women, even though the social effect is more important.
Social Identity Theory
A person's sense of who they are based on being in a group is called social identity. By being part of groups, people can feel proud and good about themselves. Racism can come from unfair ideas between groups, and in very bad cases, it can lead to killing many people. The group we are part of is called the in-group, and the group we are not part of is called the out-group. To understand and see things better, we put them into groups. To know the social setting, we do the same with people. We use group names like black, white, Australian, Christian, Muslim, student, and bus driver because they help us. We can learn a lot about people by putting them into a group, like we saw with the bus driver.
In and out-groups
What is right to do is decided by the group's rules, but this only works if you know who is in your group. A person can be in many different groups. In the next step, social ID, we take the group's way of thinking that we chose. Because you are part of a group, your self-respect gets tied to that group. Once we see ourselves as part of a group and are connected to it, we like to compare it with other groups. It's important to know this because when two groups see each other as enemies, they fight to keep members to feel good about themselves. Competition and anger between groups come from different ways of thinking and needing the same things.
Effects of dislikes
When others think less of people, their personality goes down, and they stop growing; dislikes make them feel less than human. It often leads to bullying and other bad actions because it makes people scared of what might happen and what could come next. This can lead to someone ending their life in hard times, or in the worst case, killing someone. People and whole groups might feel very scared, afraid, and not good enough because of racism and being treated badly.
Why Stereotypes are Important
When people know a bad idea about their group, they worry that what they do will show others that the bad idea is true. Psychologists call this feeling "stereotype danger," where people are scared that a group idea is true. For those who feel this way, it is uncomfortable and distracting. This idea is thought to only happen when people see a bad idea about their group. Understanding stereotypes helps us learn about small insults and unfairness in higher education, helping us learn more about groups that aren’t seen a lot. For example, women might choose other classes to avoid the bad idea they face in math classes.
Real-World Problem and Its Effects on Society
Climate change will have a big impact on our students' lives, and there's no other issue that will affect them as much as this one. They know it's a big deal that will change almost everything, like weather, rising seas, food and nutrition safety, water and air quality, environmental health, and more. Problems with food get worse because of differences in money, jobs, homes, safety, help, and other things. With 13 million young people living without enough food, almost everyone knows someone who's hungry a lot. Because of current events in the country, violence is coming, even if it's because of politics, young people are hurt the most. People can learn to help, work together, ask for help, and talk about the problem. They can also learn that this is a big problem with many causes and, most importantly, there's hope for change. Sustainability is a big problem worldwide that covers everything from energy to food to money, work, health, and more.
Ways to Lower Dislikes in America
Learn about your area, like who lives there, how they get along, and what bad things have happened because of racism, to lower unfair ideas. Writing down bad actions in your area that show racism will prove that there’s a problem, especially if the area says there isn’t racism. Asking a group of people to help plan, see how big the problem is, and know what rules need to change can help lower unfair ideas. Also, thinking about the plan's goals and how long it will take can change how people think and help them see how much the plan will help your area. Seeing what help you have and what more you need to reach your goals is important. Check your plan to make sure it deals with unfair ideas and racism on a personal, area, and big level and connect talking to doing something.
Conclusion
It’s hard to change how people feel and act, but it's important. People, businesses, and groups need to believe that having many kinds of people is good for everyone to do well. Change won’t happen right away, but starting with small steps, like in this section, can help. These small things are the start of bigger, organized, and whole efforts to make communities that include everyone.