Supply chains can be easily broken by hacking and bad software attacks. Hackers want to take money and make it hard for the company to work. Yeniyurt and Carnovale (2021) say that bad guys keep making new ways to take information from people and companies of all sizes. The main risks in supply chain management are data leaks, chain problems, and bad software attacks. Data leaks happen when outsiders or insiders get into the company's information. Workers, hackers, bad rivals, and bosses can share secret data outside the company. Chain problems happen when a hacker gets into the system without asking. They try to make trouble by deleting, copying, or messing up data. Bad software attacks can use ransomware to block computers until the company pays money.

One way to attack is by sending a fake email to get information. Ghadge et al. (2020) say that clicking a link in an email can mess up data. If the fake email works, the company can find out the username and password used to get info. This can lead to tough competition and big leaks that can hurt the whole company.

Companies have to improve how they protect information because attacks are getting more advanced. They use new tech like virtualization, mobile, and cloud computing. Gaudenzi and Siciliano (2018) say that to face cyber risks, a strong plan is needed that looks at different parts of the company. High security for networks, software, and devices, staff training, process improvements, and strict guidelines help deal with these risks. Also, companies are starting to use cyber insurance to handle risks.

A cyber-attack on a company's supply chain is a big problem for a long time. First, it leads to losing outside information. Bad guys get info that's meant to stay safe. Second, it leads to losing inside info. It's a big issue for the company's safety. They may lose important data or secrets that keep the company running.

Third, it can ruin the company's name. If users lose their data from a company, they won't trust it again. Fourth, it can lead to big penalties for the company. In the US, there are laws about privacy and security. Companies that break these rules can get fined a lot of money.