Passage: Introduction
The writer talks about how movies have changed from olden days to now. They say that technology has made it so viewers can control what they see and what happens in the movies. With the new technology, people can be really involved in the film and feel like they are part of the story. The author thinks that because of technology, people see movies in new ways. They can now see things in the movies that were hidden before. Computers help people to understand each part of the film better and find secrets easily.

Approach
This book looks at how new technology is helping old movies become better by looking at their history. New technologies let viewers control what they see and the story of the movie. Viewers can watch parts of the movie again, slow down some scenes, and stop the movie to see details. This makes people really interested and want to keep watching. Also, the viewers can change how the movie looks and make it more beautiful.

Scope
Even though this book talks about movies, it also shows how movies reflect life from 1900s to now. During this time, many things changed because of computers. Many areas like education, work, and how people interact started using technology. Movies also started using new technology. The book tells about how people enjoy watching movies and how technology has made it better. It shows the history of movies from old to new digital ones.

Case Studies
There are examples in the book that show how technology changed movies. In the past, filmmakers needed a big team to make movies. They even used heavy cameras on planes for some shots. Editing was hard and took a long time. Technology improved this with lighter cameras and easier editing. Now, filmmakers can work together from anywhere. People don't need to go to cinemas to watch movies anymore because they can watch them on computers or phones.

Effectiveness of Technology
Technology helps in making movies by creating special effects with computers. This is cheaper than using physical ways to create effects. For example, in 1973, a movie called 'Westworld' used computer images to show robots and people. Other popular movies like 'Star Wars' and 'Star Trek II' also used computer effects. Animation and 3D are also used in movies.

Connections
The writer connects the past and present to show how movies changed over time. In the past, people watched movies in rooms with big screens. Now, people watch movies at home on DVDs. Technology makes it possible to pause, delay, and repeat scenes in movies. This helps viewers understand the movie better and enjoy it more.

Strengths
Technology changed how people watch movies by making it easier to understand them. People can now pause, delay, and repeat scenes to see details. This new way of watching movies is different from how it was before with projectors. Technology helps people analyze movies and understand them better.

Weaknesses
Using technology to control movies can make viewers too attached to them. People can become too focused on the images and not on the story. Also, TV shows can make movies seem less exciting by splitting them into many episodes.

Conclusions
This book looks at how new technology is changing old movies and how people watch them. It shows the history of movies from old to new digital ones. Technology lets people understand and enjoy movies in new ways. However, technology can also make people too attached to movies and actors.