The first idea about a Decision Support System (DSS) said it is a computer helper for people who make decisions. It collects and studies lots of information to make decisions better but not to change the first decision. This system can be easily set up for what users need and show information in pictures, like guessing a company’s future money. Business Intelligence (BI) is a common word used for talking about tools, ways of working, and applications. DSS came from BI but now, it is used the most. Reporting is very important in using Business Intelligence, where users must decide if a situation needs attention first, then use ways to study it. 

The big difference between these two ideas is that DSS is a computer system to get information for decisions in groups or businesses. On the other hand, BI is a tool that uses different programs to organize and control data or important information in a group. While DSS helps users find mistakes in the program and study information for decisions, BI helps with automatic study and then gives suggestions that need only to be done. Another difference is that DSS needs more time to start working because it mostly needs manual work. BI needs less time to do all things because the computer can think by itself and doesn’t need manual control.

Analytics means making practical ideas or suggestions for actions using old information. The meaning of analytics has grown a lot and now it is a mix of technology, science ways, and math to solve problems. Many industries use data study to make reports on what is happening and guess what will happen next. Many leaders are starting to see how important data study is for their field and are using technology to make these things easier.

In healthcare, data study is used for many things, from finding illnesses to stopping fraud. One example is studying why old people fall. Falls hurt old people and are a big problem for those over 65 years old. This makes the government spend a lot of money on treating old people. In 2013, the costs of falls were $34 billion. Falls are a big cause of both dangerous and not dangerous injuries for old people. They also make the risk of being disabled higher by 50%. Right now, there is no sure way to know who might get hurt from falls, unlike knowing who might get cancer or diabetes. But studying data has helped people know about the problem and take steps to make falls less common (like doing more physical therapy).