Ignition lock thing is not too much money in some places and helps stop spend lots after car crash. Some places make program to help poor people pay for it. A report by Moms Against Drunk Driving say it cost about $70 to $150 to put it in. Also, to keep it working, it can cost $60 to $80. The whole year cost for putting it in and keeping it working, including checking the breath thing, is $1000. Putting in the ignition lock can stop spending on car crash like doctor money, fix car cost, and money lost from people not working.
Death cost a lot for family who have to take care of kids and people left behind. Car crash may have people who make money die, and then the family need help. The family pay for the funeral and take care of kids of the dead person. In USA, funeral might cost $7000, depending on how they want. Funeral cost more than putting in the breath thing. Making the dead kids need money from family cost more too. Family left with no money after person die.
Breath thing in car good for not spending money from car crash. US government want to help with putting in breath thing to stop car crash. Also, the cost to put it in is ok for people with normal money. Car crash make people die and break stuff, like cars. Death is sad and cost family money. Car crash might make people sick forever and cost lots for treatment. Putting in ignition lock help stop spending on doctor, fixing car, burial, and other things from car crash.
Breath thing help stop car crash that hurt money and family. Death makes family sad and poor. Family need new jobs and money when the person who make money die. Some car crash make kids drop out of school because no money. Kids depend on parents who die in car crash. Leaving school might make kids do crime, which cost family and society. Putting in breath thing help family not spend more later.
Putting in ignition lock good for country to not spend later. Companies need good people to work. Car crash make good people die and companies lose money. Companies might need to get help from outside, which is not cheap. Country with less car crash spend less on help and medical stuff. Also, government spend less on kids with no parents. So, putting in the breath thing is good for the country and family to not spend later.
Many things affect if drivers put in the breath thing. Like how much it cost, how much to check it, and what government do. Time make the cost go down for putting it in. Before, breath thing cost more than now. So, many drivers buy and put in breath thing.
US government help make breath thing cost less. And they make laws against driving drunk. Some states have rules for people who drive drunk. Heavy rules make drivers put in breath thing to not crash and hurt people. Also, bad things that happen make drivers put in breath thing. Drivers who have been in crash but live put in the thing. Also, drivers who lost family to drunk driving put in breath thing. Many things make drivers put in the breath thing, and it can be good or bad for putting it in.