The health problem we talk about in this task is diabetes mellitus, which is getting more common as the main reason for not being able to do things in the world. The sickness shows up with high sugar in the blood and is split into type 1 and type 2. Type 2 diabetes is the most seen and covers almost 90% of all cases. The reasons for this sickness are different, like pregnancy, medicines, and how people live. The issues that come with it affect all body parts and can be very dangerous. The group looked at in this task is mostly older folks with type 2 diabetes in a place where nurses take care of them.
We know about this problem from lots of info and data from different researchers. Macido (2019) discovered that Diabetes mellitus is a big worry in the United States and the world. The researchers used info from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, where over 12% of older folks in the US have the sickness (Macido, 2019). Also, a lot of people with diabetes are not even known about. As per the American Diabetes Association (ADA) (n. d.), this is the seventh reason for death and being sick, and there are over a million new cases each year. So, diabetes is a long sickness that is tough for healthcare and those involved.
The research is needed to make sure people know more about it and follow the treatments better. Also, the study will help caregivers find better ways to help patients outside of hospitals. Nikitara et al. (2019) say that many patients have issues because they do not manage themselves well or follow treatments. If diabetes is not controlled, it may lead to more hospital trips and emergency visits. So, this study is important to learn about things that can make hospital stays short and help patients feel better after leaving.
Many studies show that diabetes is going up. It is expected that about 350 million people will have it by 2030 (Macido, 2019). One big change is that more folks over 60 years are getting the sickness. Nikitara et al. (2019) say nurses should look for more signs of the disease, like feeling cold, sweaty skin, and high sugar levels. Nurses can use set ways to handle the sickness, but sometimes they might need to give medicine through a vein to very tired patients. If the sugar is very high, caregivers should tell the doctor, who may move them to special care units and give the right treatments, like insulin through a vein, or other fluids. The data should be good and current to be trusted, and it should have the right aim and info.
There are things stopping the use of good plans based on proof to deal with diabetes. Not enough time for doctors to see patients well keeps good treatments from being used (Macido, 2019). Also, bad talk between patients and healthcare workers leads to wrong info being used for treatments. If patients do not have much education, they may struggle to understand their health and ways to handle it. Being poor makes it harder for patients to get better and puts them at more risk. Nurses have a hard time with new goals for treatments because they do not have all they need, so the care may not be good. Some nurses do not feel sure about what they know and can do, which makes it tough to help patients. Nikitara et al. (2019) found that the roles of doctors and other caregivers have changed, making it hard to know who should do what. This makes them stressed as it affects how patients follow treatments.
Nurse rules and laws work well to make patients and the whole group healthier. They say care should be shared and led by nurses to get wanted health results. They focus on self-rule, which helps patients manage the sickness for a long time. They want day-to-day care to be based on each person and include skin care, eating changes, moving around, rest, watching themselves, talking to healthcare workers, and taking medicine like they should (AADE, 2017). They have made new rules that let them give medicine. This helps make patients healthier and cuts down how many times they need to go to the hospital for no good reason. Nurses set rules as top caregivers to check patients and give the best treatments they can.