The theory that talks about how being around people who do bad things can make you do bad things too was made in 1939 by a smart person named Edwin Sutherland. This theory says that when people see others doing bad stuff, they might start doing it too. If we learn this theory well, we can stop some bad things from happening, like cheating or stealing, in places like schools. In high school, students meet different people, and sometimes they do bad stuff because of that.
When I was in high school, some of my friends and older students used drugs that were really bad for them. They thought it was cool to drink alcohol and use cocaine, and they could get these things from people who sold drugs in town. These drug sellers would come to our school a lot to sell drugs to the addicted students. At school, students would go to the bathrooms to smoke, take cocaine, and drink alcohol because their parents gave them money to buy these things.
Using drugs can lead to bad things like doing poorly in school, having health problems, and doing crimes. Drugs can change how the brain works and can be really dangerous. Some people can get addicted to drugs like cocaine more easily than others because of their genes.
In high school, groups of students who used drugs did crimes and went to jail. Doing bad things is a result of using drugs, and teachers and parents need to find new ways to stop this. Teaching students in school about drugs and how bad they are is a good way to help them not use drugs. Schools can teach students skills to make good choices and stay away from bad influences. Many young people who don't do crimes when they are young continue to be good people when they grow up.
The theory says that many young people, about forty percent, do crimes before they are 21. Growing up in a poor place can also make some people do crimes because they don't have what they need. Sutherland thinks that things like being good or having freedom can stop people from doing crimes. Parents should make sure their kids have what they need, go to school, and do fun things to keep them from doing bad stuff.
The theory shows how people can stop doing bad things in society. Using this theory can help stop bad behavior and make students do better in school by teaching them about health. Parents and teachers should do things like punish students who are mean to others or do bad things in high school. Some young people join bad groups because of their culture and end up getting hurt. It's important to teach young people about the bad things that can happen if they break the rules or use drugs so they don't act badly in society. Education can help young people get inspired to learn new things in school and make good choices.