As a result of many changes in the world and science in the 20th century, people started to see different social groups in a new way. During this time, scientists made the word “marginalized” to describe people who are not like the usual American. These people don’t get the same good things in society that most people do. Marginalized groups can be different, like by race, gender, who they love, or if they have a disability. The one thing they all have in common is that they are not treated well in society and don’t have what they need to live okay. This happens because they are not like most people in America, so they are a small group controlled by the big group. When we look at two groups like this, we can see how things have changed in politics and culture and think about it.

For a long time, LGBTQ+ people have been fighting for their rights to be who they are. The Human Rights Society was one of the first groups to support people who love differently, and they made a book called Friendship and Freedom for them. Later, many LGBTQ+ people lost their jobs because some thought they were sick in the head. Now, LGBTQ+ people are working hard to change how others see them in America. Transgender people are also doing better now, and they can do more things without being stopped by rules. Even though things are getting better, there are still some problems to fix.

Native American people had a lot of bad things happen to them in the past. Many were forced to move, and lots of them died. Even now, they are not treated the same as others in America. People see them as different and don’t understand their culture. To help them, we need to teach others about their ways and stop believing stereotypes about them.

In America, men usually have more power and control in society, and this can make it hard for LGBTQ+ people to be accepted. Some people think only men who are straight should be in charge. This kind of thinking makes it tough for LGBTQ+ people to live freely. When society is divided into different groups based on money or jobs, Native American people are often at the bottom. They face a lot of challenges because of this.

Understanding who you are is important, especially for LGBTQ+ people. Knowing yourself helps you to be strong and not feel left out or treated badly. It is important to support these groups so they are not pushed away or treated unfairly.

Looking at the situation of Native American people today, we can see how they are struggling to keep their culture alive. They are trying to preserve what is left of their ways, even though they have faced a lot of pain and hurt in the past from others.