Modern city planning looks at how people use the city and talk to each other. It tries to find out what a city should be and make the people who live there happy. The city plan depends a lot on things like the weather, sicknesses going around the world, and more. One big question for city planners after the coronavirus is how to make the city ready for a quarantine. The need for this shows how important it is to improve city planning because of COVID-19, which affected all the big cities in the world. So, it is very important to think of new ways to design the city to be strong in difficult times.

No place can be totally safe from the virus. It is important to think about how people move in the city when planning – this is a big lesson from the pandemic. Nearly all the cases of COVID-19 at the start happened in cities. The pandemic made many people poor, and the quality of life worldwide fell by 23 percent. During the pandemic, local leaders had to quickly make rules to stop the virus. In many areas, they did a good job. People who don't have basic things are more likely to get sick and spread the virus to others. So, it is very important to create good living conditions for everyone and fight against unfairness.

Many big cities decided to close places like restaurants and malls to stop the virus from spreading. They also told people to stay away from others, even though this was not a perfect way to stop the virus. Public transport had to keep running for the city to work well. Some cities encouraged people to wear masks, keep their distance, and get vaccinated. Citizens working together, with support from local leaders, was maybe the best way to fight the pandemic.

Even with all the steps taken, the cities changed a lot because of the pandemic. Lots of businesses closed, and the streets became empty. Around one-fifth of the population moved to the countryside for more safety. But there was a good thing too – the roads in the city became less crowded and dirty because people stayed home more.

While it's hard to completely change the city for emergencies, it's important to take steps to reduce the effects of a pandemic. For example, making neighborhoods where everything people need is close by can keep them away from crowded places. Experts looked into having homes and businesses close together, including affordable housing. These areas can help improve public health, the environment, and the economy. Making homes more self-reliant can lessen the strain on city systems for waste, water, and food.

Also, it's crucial to have clear rules on where and when people can be in the city and how many can be together. This should be based on keeping a distance, how many people can be in one place, and how long they can stay there together. Changing the hours that stores and places are open can also help keep fewer people in one place at the same time.

In the end, it would be a good idea for governments, community groups, and businesses to work together on a new plan. This plan could include giving money to all citizens, having healthcare for everyone, and making homes affordable. This could help the people who are most at risk. If they don't have a place to live, they might end up on the streets, which can make the infection spread more. So, this plan is to keep everyone healthy.

To sum up, city planning can be greatly affected by a pandemic and harm the city's systems. Even though it's hard to get ready for a pandemic, it's still important to have safety measures in place for emergencies. These measures should aim to have fewer people in one place at a time. Overall, the big cities of the world have learned a lot from the COVID-19 pandemic.