In people with sickness called Parkinson’s Disease (PD), how good is bike exercise compared to normal care in helping to make PD people healthier or more steady when done for a certain time? The chosen article is ‘Parkinson’s disease patients benefit from bicycling’ by Tiihonen et al. 2021.

The paper begins by saying PD patients have a hard time with their sickness. According to Tiihonen et al. (2021), it is hard for PD patients to move well on their own. So, the paper wants to find out which bike exercise is best for PD people. Also, the research will see which PD symptoms or conditions can get better with bike exercise.

The paper talks about using some tools to see how bike riding helps PD patients. They looked at many sources and found 22 studies with around 505 PD patients. So, I think the information in this paper is good to give an idea about the research.

The main idea in this paper is about doing exercises and activities to help PD patients. According to Tiihonen et al. (2021), physical activities have been shown to help PD patients with their movements and thinking. Exercise is a good addition to the usual treatments for PD patients. The paper also talks about the need for different exercises for PD patients to help them get better.

The paper says that training with exercises can make people move better by making them stronger, have more endurance, better balance, and flexibility. Tiihonen et al. (2021) say there is no proof that exercise can cure PD, but it can help patients get better. Also, exercises can protect the brain. The research mentions that in 2010, some people had trouble moving their legs because of bike riding. So, physical activities can help PD patients.

According to Tiihonen et al. (2021), the research followed some rules to choose the sources they used. They only used original reports that used numbers to see how an intervention affects PD patients. They looked at studies that used different types of bikes and included studies with hand pedaling instead of foot pedaling.

Some studies were not accepted because they did not look at how biking affects the health of PD patients. They looked at many studies from 2010 to 2020 using keywords like ‘Parkinson bicycle cycling’ to get the right data.

All the studies were tested to see if they were good enough and to see how well the treatment worked. They looked at measures like movement, walking, tremors, and balance. They used tests like walking for 6 minutes, Parkinson’s Diseases Questionnaire 39, MDS-Unified Parkinson’s Diseases rating scale (MDS-UPDRS) II and III, and Quality-of-life.

The treatment time in the studies was between 1-12 weeks. Some studies did not talk about how fast people biked, but most did. The data showed that biking is good for PD patients and helps with movement. Doing exercises more than once gave better results for managing PD patients. So, biking helps PD patients feel better. The data shows that biking has many benefits for PD patients. Doing moderate to high-intensity exercises is better than low-intensity training. Biking also helps with balance for PD patients.

This study helps people learn more about Parkinson’s Disease. It gives more details about the causes, risks, and how PD patients can be helped. Biking is a good way to help PD patients get better. The research shows how important it is to care for PD patients.