Racism is when some people think others are different because they act or look different from them. In America, there are many unfair things happening based on race, like in health, money problems, police, houses, jobs, and jails. This study will talk about how different races and ethnicities get treated unfairly in healthcare.

In a news story called "A history of race and racism in America," it says black people in America earn much less money than others. They also get put in jail more often. In early 1991, there were more black people in jail than in colleges. Things have gotten a bit better, but there is still a lot of work to do to make things fair for black people. Most Americans think being white is better. Many think being black or Hispanic makes it harder to succeed.

Race is about how people look, like their skin color. In the US, it's easy to see people look different, and sometimes this leads to unfair treatment. Ethnicity is another way people are different, and it affects how they see themselves and others.

Some people believe bad things about others just because of their race. In healthcare, some think black Americans don't deserve good care. Black people often don't get the same care as white, Asian, or Hispanic people. For example, black women are more likely to die from birth complications than white women. Black babies also have a higher chance of dying than the US average. This can change depending on where you live. Social class also plays a big role in how people are treated and what resources they get.

Black women are more likely to be overweight than white women. Black people often don't get the best care in hospitals. White people tend to get better treatment. This shows that African Americans might not get important medical procedures just because of their skin color.

In the past, America had many problems with race and ethnicity. There were no good rules to stop the unfair treatment until people started protesting in the 1960s. Racial and ethnic inequalities can be seen in police actions, money, education, and health. Things have improved a bit lately, but there is still more to do to make things fair for everyone.