Organizational culture be special for an organization and make it different from others in the business. It show in values, work ethics, how employees see themselves in the organization, talk, and relationships within the team and patients. To make the organization's culture, you need to say what the main goal – the mission – is and how to do it. Diversicare Healthcare Services (2021) say their mission is to make every life better by giving great healthcare and doing more than expected. They give many good services, get good workers, and do activities in regions to reach their goals.

Organizational culture can help or stop the goals of an organization. If employees know and use the goals, values, and behavior models right in the organization's culture, they can use the organization's resources better and spend less money. Harrison (2020) say that you can use organizational culture well if you know it good. So, with the Diversicare mission, they want to get more clients, improve their life, grow services at home and abroad, and be more efficient.

Strategy and operations mix up in an organization, making a hard system. There are some ways to make strategies, and a company can use one or more. For example, strategies are needed to do well for a long time in a hard business. Operations help to do short-term plans and make decisions right now. These two have different goals: operations keep things steady, and strategies are for growing and changing. So, strategies help the organization stay alive and reach its goals in the long run.

The main help for strategies is the organization's workers. They make up the skills and values and make ideas happen. Harrison (2020) say that only people can start ideas in an organization, no matter who they are. Diversicare Healthcare Services (2021) say the organization needs good people in the right jobs to have good structures. So, the organization's values depend on its structure.

Diversicare Healthcare Services Inc. have many chances. More people, more clients, lower rates, better education, and more skilled workers can all help. Diversicare Healthcare Services (2021) say more old people need care, which is a chance too. Also, Diversicare can go to other countries and grow there. It's important to keep checking the outside world for rules, culture, social stuff, money, and technology to see these chances and changes.

Even with chances, Diversicare faces problems. Diversicare Healthcare Services (2021) say they might not have enough money or good plans, lose workers, lose contracts, have money rules change, get bought by a bigger company, or face more competition. This can mean losing clients, money, and market share.

To get over these problems, it's important to think in a big way. This means making a good money plan, planning for new leaders, finding and keeping good workers, checking quality plans, and doing all contracts right. Also, knowing the care industry well, seeing who is competing, and finding new chances and ideas will help reach the goals.