Diversity is one thing seen in many schools around the world. People from different backgrounds come together through religion, learning, fun, and living together. When people accept their differences, living together peacefully happens (Bell, 2021). But when people can't get along and live together, chaos happens. Learning is important in bringing people from different backgrounds together. Some researchers say diversity affects how well students do in school. Students are different in terms of race, gender, and age. This study looks at how these things affect performance at my school. 

Age and gender affect how well students do at my school. The study shows there are 15,000 girls and 13,500 boys in the school. This means more girls join my school than boys every year. From what I found, 9% of girls did very well in school while 15% of boys did the same. This shows boys and girls perform differently, maybe because of other reasons. Another study from different schools found that boys do a bit better than girls on average, but the difference is small (Bush et al., 2017). Most students in my college are between 17 and 24 years old. The study shows age doesn't make a big difference in how well students do. But it also says older students who come to college are more serious about their studies than younger ones. 

Also, the mix of races and ethnicities might affect how well students do in my school. The school has 70% white students, 25% African American students, and 5% others. Students' grades at graduation don't seem to be linked to their race. But many African American students do really well in college compared to other races. Another study found that fewer African Americans go from high school to college, but those who do, do well (Roksa et al., 2016). The study found that all ethnic groups did similarly well in school.

In my research, I found that 10% of students are over 25 years old. I thought most students would be between 17 and 24 years old. Surprisingly, the older students were doing well in their studies. Almost all of them graduated with at least a passing grade. Other studies say older students should do worse than younger ones because they have more distractions (Chen, 2017). But my research shows that's not true; older students work harder on their studies than younger ones.

In summary, diversity is common in all schools but doesn't have a big impact on students' grades. What really matters is not just being old, African American, or a girl. Other things like the environment, motivation, and money play a big role. People should learn to get along despite their differences and live together.