Alcohol and drugs are a big problem in New Jersey. The Governor, Mr. Phil Murphy, made new laws in 2021 to help people who have issues with drugs. The laws talk about giving out needles to prevent harm, and teams that look at when someone dies from taking drugs. This is new for New Jersey, and people are talking about how it will affect the health of the community. The laws are like what other states have done to control drug use and involve people who know about helping those with addictions. This study looks at the new laws about the teams that check on drug-related deaths and talks about how they support people and health ideas.

The laws are important to fight against drug issues because they help make changes, find problems, and make things better. The laws were made in January 2022 to create teams that look at drug deaths and help those with drug problems in New Jersey. The main people behind these laws are Verrelli, Vainieri Huttle, Armato/Singer, and Greenstein; they also made other laws about drug problems. The laws say what the teams should do, like finding ways to reduce drug problems and figuring out why people misuse drugs so they can make better laws. The teams hope to be the link between people who need help and the government.

Even though the laws do not offer direct help or medical services, they are good for the community's health. When the teams are set up in different places, they will help the government collect data and quickly find out about big problems even in small towns. The Health Commissioner of New Jersey will have to work with local healthcare groups and provide more help when needed. Supporting vulnerable people through laws will help explain why New Jersey has issues with drugs. The teams will talk to and help those affected, and new ways to stop drug problems might come up, which could lower drug misuse.

Nurses who help addicts or work in healthcare groups with relevant areas will benefit from the teams, and it is right for them to join. The laws do not say what nurses need to do to join the teams; they just need experience working with people who need help. Working with the teams shows care and responsibility and allows nurses to support fair care for different groups. The laws show how to reduce harm and supporting their use will help improve other health policies.

The drug problem is a big challenge for New Jersey, and making laws to deal with it is important. The laws ask for teams to look at drug deaths and say what they can do. Making new rules will help New Jersey's health by giving a better look at people's problems, attention, and help from communities and groups.