The country of United States has special health rules for people to get medical help easily. They make laws in each state to help doctors and nurses learn well and have good jobs. Not many places let groups manage healthcare rules, but some places in Europe do. In the Netherlands, doctors can tell patients about medicines after learning about them and practicing (Maier, 2019). This article wants to compare how nurses in the Netherlands and America can give advice and see how the world organizations help make healthcare rules.

Nurses giving advice on medicines are talked about a lot in the United States. Some states know that quick medicine advice helps patients, but some think it can lead to drug problems (Bodenheimer & Grumbach, 2020). However, more states are letting nurses give advice, and their rules are like Europe. Nurses from the Netherlands, for example, need to pass tests and courses to give good medicine advice.

The Dutch rule for nurses is the same in all the Netherlands, unlike the United States where each state has its own rules. But they follow their country’s rules. In the Netherlands, a specialist can give medicines they know about after getting a Master’s degree in nursing and learning about medicines (De Bruijn-Geraets et al., 2018). Similarly, in American states where nurses work alone, they need to finish classes to give advice. The biggest Dutch rule is the Individual Health Care Professions Act (BIG), which decides on who can work, get a license, and learn (De Bruijn-Geraets et al., 2018). In the United States, there are many laws and boards that control different parts of nursing (Germack, 2021). Looking at the Netherlands’ system can help America make better rules.

Big groups like the World Health Organization (WHO) make decisions for healthcare worldwide. WHO brings together doctors from different places to watch how healthcare is doing and solve problems (Maier, 2019). One big example is how they helped countries fight COVID-19. They told governments how to keep people safe and make new laws for healthcare. Even though WHO’s rules are just advice, doctors and hospitals can use them to make healthcare better.

Healthcare and nursing are managed differently in America and Europe, but the Netherlands shows they have similar rules. Dutch doctors can give medicines, and American states have rules like that. International groups like WHO help make healthcare rules based on facts to help people all over the world.