"Rainbow Borders" was made by Michael Delsol and Haruku Shinozaki in 2017. It has pictures and stories of LGBTQ+ people from Japan. Michael is a French picture-taker who shows people making art. He puts his photos in magazines and newspapers. He also shows his work in exhibits. Haruku is a news person who looks at small groups and minorities in Japan, especially LGBTQ+ members. This book is for social fighters, minority reps, and folks who want to know more about small groups in Japan.

The goal of the book is to tell folks about the life of small groups in a very traditional country. The book title talks about the two sides of LGBTQ+ life in Japan. It says that on one side, it's a common topic in books, shows, anime, and cartoons. On the other side, there is some bias and old ways, shown by the name "Rainbow Borders."

The stories in the book are cool and interesting because people from all jobs and classes can be LGBTQ+. For example, a priest who started services for LGBTQ+ folks when they were young so they could feel safe. There's also a group called akta that helps with sex ed and HIV/AIDS info. They have books and resources about LGBTQ+ topics and help queer folks in need.

LGBTQ+ people are not just what stereotypes say. Delsol and Shinozaki think that society sees LGBTQ+ folks as flashy and strange, but really, they are just regular folks. They can be priests, teachers, or bus drivers - everyone is different. The book wants to show the world that LGBTQ+ folks are regular people even in traditional places.

The book talks about the tough life of small groups in a very traditional country. It shows the struggles of everyday folks and teaches us to be kinder to others. Even though the book can't fix everything, it helps us understand Asian culture and social issues. Despite the tough topic, the authors talk about life with respect, as is important in Japanese culture. The book reveals things that were not talked about before, and it has helped small groups and talked about a topic that was once not discussed in Japan.