The 12 -year film from 2013 has proven that slavery is a worldwide topic. In the deed, the film earned 150 million US dollars outside the USA and 57 million US dollars in the USA with a production budget of $ 20 millionSHAFF, 2020). The film is based on the memoirs twelve years of Solomon Northup (NTIM, 2020). It tells the story of a free African -American man who was kidnapped and sold in slavery. Solomon spent twelve years outside of his family and becameTraded from one master to another, the protagonist, who helped him, met a message to his family and friends who came and saved them. This film shows precisely discriminatory relationships between white slave owners and black slavesdysfunctional system in the country and prejudices in the ways of thinking of people at this time.
The two main groups of the main groups presented in this film are white and African Americans, and the three social groups are wealthy slave owners, work for the middle class and enslaved people.Saratoga, New York (McQueen, 2013), lives. However, he was kidnapped by two white men who tortured the man and sold to slavery and change his name in Plat.The fact that Northup was an African American left these people believed that they had the right to withdraw their freedom., while the latter was cruel and sadistic. The film was based on a real story, he showed that slave owners had different characters, but all had the wrong perception of the breed.
Although a slave is a film about slavery for 12 years, the problems of collectivism and individualism are also raised. In particular, the main character never identified as a enslaved man and continued to claim that he was a freelance citizen (McQueen, 2013)However, plant had a collective attitude that had been stamped in them since childhood that slavery was normal. This people helped each other because they belonged to the same group.To return home, over the collective values.
The film also showed prejudices, generalizations, stereotypes and discrimination against black. As Ford, for example, Salomon and Elisa brings his wife to express her sadness that Elisa was separated from her children, but also explained that “something tooEating and some rest “this woman could help to forget her children (McQueen, 2013, 32: 47-32: 51). This scene demonstrated the common prejudices towards slaves that they were not able to do the same feelings as whiteExample of the generalization and stereotyping, like Tibeats, was a carpenter, Solomon became hostile when he showed his intelligence and gave Ford tips. Tibeats actually believed that Plat was never more competent than a white individual, since Plat was a "nigger" (McQueen, 2013, 36: 35-36: 37).
In summary, a slave shows the life of enslaved people and slave owners almost two centuries ago. The film tells of the moment when he enjoyed the society of his family in the state of New York to his kidnapping, enslavement and later liberation.Such critical problems such as discrimination, prejudices, stereotyping and generalization that made it possible to maintain this social structure for a long time.