Monitoring is a process of exchange of knowledge, social experience and psychological support, which is obtained from trainees in work, career and professional development.has a large part of relevant knowledge, wisdom or experience, and an employee or student who has these characteristics to a lesser extent.
One of the essential personality traits of a superior who makes him the ideal specialist is adaptability. In doing so, almost everything changes - science develops through jump and limits, new technologies are presented daily, approaches for how the students have to learn and how teachers have to learn and how teachersIn such an environment, the supervisor must be flexible and open to new ideas and knowledge in such a environment.Are decency, honesty, responsibility, fairness, commitment, emotional balance and self -criticism.
The ideal supervisor is characterized by the type of communication.never increase or cross.beckett (2020) claims that the supervisor structure the professional experience, transferred it to the young specialists and the necessary information and comments on the work details of the trainee must provide clearly and consistently.Not only teach them, but also steer their students in the right direction, give a good example and are encouraging. Not such a supervisor can earn credibility and become a specialist who is grateful for hundreds of students.have to be a supervisor. It is perceived as an additional burden that prevents the quality sooner or later.to evaluate their work.
The superiors have a number of functions and responsibilities, the successful implementation of which makes them the ideal specialist. Laut Corey et al. (2020) include the maintenance and promotion of the learning of the students, the transfer of organizational knowledge, values, standards and norms as well as the developmentThe positive work settings and the company's spirit of the student.
Due to the above -mentioned properties of an ideal superior, a portrait of an ineffective superior can be created.Demonstration of personal superiority and indifference to the profession.To communicate and convey their message.
The personality of the supervisor plays a decisive role in the successful or negative adaptation of students or new employees.Communicating employees. Not every person can carry out the functions of a manager. In addition, the superiors must have a variety of knowledge, the main values ​​of corporate culture as well as several personal properties and a certain behavioral model.