The Bhagavad Gita is an old Indian script, which consists of 700 verses and is part of the larger epic Mahabharata. This book is one of the central sacred writings of Hinduism and dates from the second half of the first millennium BC.The action of the Gitaunfolds in the context of a conversation between Arjuna, the prince of the Pandavas, and Krishna, his leader, his car driver and the incarnated highest god. Krishna asks Arjuna's behavior pattern and helps to solve some moral expectations.The Pandavas fight against the Kaurava's. This paper is supposed to think about the Bhagavad Gita, one of the most outstanding books in the Indian epo.
Arjuna shows characteristic characteristics such as self -confidence, arrogance, proud. Arjuna shows outstanding war skills and is one of the best warriors. Krishna is the personification of the highest God and its characteristics include wisdom, humility, knowledge and benevolence. The two characters have a close relationship: "Then, Madhava (Krishna) and the son of Pandu (Arjuna), stationed in their magnificent characters with white horses that were thrown on it, their divine mussels blew loudly "(" Bhagavad Gita, 2021, 2021 ,, p. OrineThe Kaurava king Dhritarashtra and his consultant Sanjaya, secondary characters.
The purpose of the author of the epic was to tell about the Battle of Kurukshetra, in which two Indian armies gathered until the last victory. Arjuna asks Krishna to drive to the center of the battlefield, and finds those who will participate, andThose who want war - his relatives, friends and teachers. Arjuna feels cheated because he does not fight and want to kill them, and he causes a full doubt that he falls his bow and asks his car driver Krishna many questions about the reasons for the war, the possibility, to avoid the correctness of his action and ethical dilemmata.
The reflection on the Bhagavad Gita, one of the most outstanding books in the Indian epo, was made available. The book is relevant because it reveals eternal topics - morality, justice, feeling of duty, a feeling of love for the neighboring. The philosophical dialogue between ArjunaAnd Krishna touches the most demanding ethical issues that apply to both war and peace. The characters discuss the identity crisis, the purpose of life, human self and human temperament.