Biracial people have many advantages that open up many opportunities for the non-standard perception of the world. In this case, the reader is confronted with the history of a girl who has problems with the perception of their own identity. There are problems with the fact that the fact is thatThe girl cannot recognize her into a certain group, which is afraid of the impossibility of having friends. This essay shows various characteristics of Biracial people who enable them to feel their identity better. This is an opportunity to do different culturalCombine properties that manifest themselves in trust and a decrease in the feeling of a certain group.
Multiracial people can have a better self-esteem than mono-racial people if they are cared for to identify with both parents and to understand their diverse racist ancestors. An important feature here is that Biracial man does not depend on the stereotypesthat imposes society on other people. Here is a situation in which one person may be exposed to uncertainty or fear of failure, since others can assess it as a stupid or uneducated person due to their breed, which is why it becomes less of theAnother influence on the opinion of another. The girl has to realize her main feature, which enables her to take over the properties and properties of different cultures. Another important feature that enables people to develop their own self -confidence is an excellent range of interests andHobbies (Weaver, 2020). This enables Birazial people to strengthen their self -confidence, since they are also independent of stereotypical ideas. In this case they open up many opportunities in connection with appointments or other things that are from society in a normal situationcould be perceived negatively.
The fact that multirassic people can inherit a more extensive characteristic range is significant. After, mixing breeds, heirs more of a large number of physical characteristics from both parents and enable them to oppose the prejudices.with different eye colors or light-skinned delicate brunettes with different eye colors. There are many physical combinations for children with mixed breeds, especially if their parents do not look similar (Weaver, 2020).are that differ significantly from each other, such as one who is fair -skinned, while the other is brown -skinned.This case should not become an obstacle, but on the contrary, it should be an advantage for the girl.
The feeling of vulnerability, which is accompanied by the feeling that a person is only part of a small minority in society, fades. With mixed breeds, it is full of constant defending their identification and are safer in claiming their own identity, instead of accepting society. Mixed-Race people have rarely opposed this impression because they were historically conditioned by the need to live in cultures that are controlled by individual racial groups (Weaver, 2020).People only have the identity designations assigned to them appropriately or from earlier interrassic confrontations.
So if they summarize, it should be noted that Biracial has unique properties that enable them to perceive the surrounding reality in other ways.Also enables you to increase trust and to strengthen the interactions with representatives of different heterogeneous cultures. From this case, the girl has to learn to be aware of her own special identity.