The history of blood transfusion goes back to antiquity when people tried to treat animals with blood. Hippocrates recommended that patients with mental disorders to drink the blood of healthy people (Community Blood Center, 2020).It is also assumed that blood is a miraculous liquid: As soon as it is used, life can be extended for many years (Community Blood Center, 2020). I find these facts particularly interesting in the context of how blood transfusion and blood banks would develop.
The development of the donation was accompanied by numerous heights and depths - from the responsibility of this method to the state ban of use.the 1960s was founded (Community Blood Center, 2020). It was not easy for those days to do intravenous bleeding in bleeding: Before the invention of a hollow injection needle and a modern syringe were still two centuries.Christopher Wren, in 1656, used the pen of a bird as an injection needle and blisters of fish and animals instead of a syringe (Community Blood Center, 2020)., and in several patients, transfraided blood caused serious complications.
In addition, the work of the early researchers showed that the blood transfusion remains an exotic method of medicine, in which the result is not dependent on the doctor's knowledge and skills, but on random but unknown factors. It is known that it is compatible and incompatibleBlood groups gives (Community Blood Center, 2020). From these and many other reasons, the blood transfusion was not a method of daily medical practice. The main and perhaps the only indication of blood transfusion was only acute blood loss.
The world wars and the technological progress of the last century accelerate the study and the use of blood transfusion considerably. This is where blood was transported by various methods for storing blood and the invention of Freon -freezing chambers and stored for a longer period of time. 1932World in a hospital in Leningrad (Community Blood Center, 2020) founded. After the establishment of the institute, the Leningrad scientists A.N.Filatov and N.G. Kartashevsky acquired a world priority in the production and use of blood components: Erythrozyten mass and plasma (community Blood Center, 2020).
The strict compliance with instructions on blood collection and transfusion has made blood transfusion relatively secure. This process has recorded the characteristics of an almost universal treatment method., Combating infections and prevention of various diseases. And so it took almost until the mid-1980s before the AIDS epidemic radically changed the setting for blood transfusion.
At the moment, blood service is one of the dynamically developing sectors of health care that focuses on ensuring the quality, safety and availability of transfusion supply.Use of high-tech devices and the improvement of the product quality management system are based.