Forbid international work laws, to make employment decisions in relation to age and disabilities of the individual. This means that Etihad Airways has violated the existing regulations by introducing its dismissal. In view of the fact that social justice is a central demand for multinational companies,The behavior of Etihad is considered unethical and irrelevant. The more important participation of the employees in the decision -making process could have contributed to avoiding this situation.Etihad Success in the compensation of employees for their contribution and work.to create again.
From the case you can also see that the reduction in job security was a critical factor that is associated with the change process in Etihad.In the company. For this reason, it is important to secure employee positions to ensure that individuals are committed and effectively fulfill their obligations.Responsibility of companies, which led to the growth of dissatisfaction, lack of motivation and commitment. This means that the company ignored possible alternatives, instead of its discriminative practices that had undermined the job security and the willingness of individuals to cooperate with such companies,were ignored.
Overall, the case shows that the lack of participation of the employees was one of the fundamental questions in this case. The company's top management has made changes with minimal participation of the employees. This resulted in an unpopular and ineffective strategy that theDissatisfaction among employees cultivated.Etihad Airways ignored the needs of the employees for self -fulfillment and reduced their motivation. The remaining employees had their importance for the company and the authority to influence its development.should have participated in corporate decisions in order to realize their meaning and be motivated.
Etihad Airways tried to manage the wage bill and accepted the wrong decision and regarded the discharge as the only possible option. The choice of disability and age as criteria for decision -making against the existing work law.Employees recognized their vulnerable position. The results prove the low effectiveness of this strategy. In reference to the lack of available workers, the remaining employees suffer from burnout due to the high level of stress.As a result, the ability of Etihad Airways to achieve existing goals was hindered.