On January 1 of this year, our company received information about the Spot Rate from Malaysian Ringgit (Myr) to USD 3.13 Myr on April 1st.The importance of foreign currency exchange for our trade in Malaysia. The main goal of this memos is to demonstrate the results of our assessment and to show that the currency exchange is a sustainable and profitable option for our company.
The profitability of transactions in the international marker is influenced by the exchange of foreign exchange. Since our company has sales contracts with various providers, we are obliged to sell a certain number of units that are shipped to Malaysia in the first quarter.Sell ​​4,000 units for 1.25 million Myr. Deploying retailers in your local currency, the fluctuation in the exchange rate between myr and USD can influence our profit.can lead to a complete loss of market (money and economic department [med], 2018). It is important to maintain international currency exchange, since minor changes MyR/USD rate should not impair the profit.
In this memorandum, three scenarios are examined: Adaptation to currency fluctuations using a fixed interest rate mentioned in the contract and avoiding currency exchange by buying raw materials in Myr. On April 1, our company could use the spot rate of 3.52 to use itsTo convert sales revenues in Myr to USD. If the price was 3.13 Myr per USD in January, on April 1st rose by 0.39 points.If 1.25 million Myr are converted into the USD in April, there is a loss of $ 44,247. Secondly, our company can lock the January Prize of 3.13 Myr/USD and thus 1.25 million Myr with this valueconvert. In this case, the company will make a profit of $ 44,247. Finally, the third scenario prevents currency exchange and avoids the loss, but does not allow a profit.
Although the second case seems to be the most profitable, our company should consider the interests of local retailers in order not to lose customers.the conversion into USD has a fixed sentence. However, there is no actual long -term profitability in reducing domestic currency, since the exchange value can be under the (med, 2018).Buying currency to buy, which would minimize the exchange risks, and after completing the calculations for the first two scenarios, we believe that an equal proportion of USD and Myr will be profitable in both short and long perspectives.
In summary, this memo has checked the question of currency fluctuations and the risk of exchange for our company in the Malaysian market. In terms of the available literature and our calculations-Is relationship of the US dollar and Myr, since the currency conversion in times when the value of USD increases short-term profit. If you have doubts about our proposal, please send us an e-mail.Can also bring your questions into our meeting, which will take place in the conference room on February 10, 2022.