Every company has to be managed carefully, and every detail has to get a lot of attention. If the healthcare system is concerned, such institutions must require even more attention because they focus on the well -being of people. The fulfillment of such tasks could be exhausting and expensiveTo be mentally demanding. As Chief Nursing Officer, one will be confronted with principles under the given circumstances that include the integrity expectation, cash flow management and the motivation of the employees.
First of all, a healthcare company always has to maintain its integrity. It can be obvious that every business area should concentrate on communication, which makes integrity a significant part (Fisher, 2008).Doctor of an ethical code, which means that he knows the confidentiality of the doctor patients. This is where doctors and nurses concentrate on honest communication with patients. For example, I tell the patient in my situation about their actual conditions and answer their questions.
Another important business principle is the right cash flow management. The health facility requires renovations and innovations, which means that there will be constant situations in which new devices or repairs are needed (Mason et al., 2020).urgently needed to implement the necessary changes so as not to endanger the health and well-being of the patients. For example, it was my obligation to manage the exchange of power generators.without having to meet any problems.
The last principle is the management of employees and the provision of motivation. In the case of a health facility, it is important that the employees are rewarded and their hard work is valued. The employees are offered additional free days and gift cards in the specified facility.lead that the workers feel and support.
Thus, the principles given were selected on the basis of the effects that they can bring to employees and patients. The principles mentioned are used that provide good results and lead to the satisfaction of all parties.these values ​​should be based. Domestyle no facility can be able to treat their patients, and there will be no trust and respect between the healthcare system and the patient.