The nature of mythology and its persistence in culture over thousands of years has fascinated scientists and thinkers.Pattern of mankind predetermined. In this article, the first chapter of the book "Myth and Dream" will be at the center of the discussion.
The thesis of this part could be projected through the following quotation. The author states that myths are “dangerous because they threaten the fabric of security in which we and our family have built, but they are also fascinating because they are fascinatingWear keys that open the entire empire of the desired and dreaded adventure of discovering the self ”(Campbell, 2004, p. 7). A wording implies that people's thoughts and dreams as a mechanism of self -awareness, understanding of selfIn the context of the entire life cycle and coping with changes in development.
Myths lead people through the challenges of life and enable the integration of consciousness and subconscious into a single framework. Abevor Campbell (2004) presents the idea in the above quote, it in fact refers to the repeated event of horror and irrationalityThe old mythology in the dreams of contemporary people. In the deed, the motives of hate, vanity, jealousy with love, gratitude and other feelings and motivations are intertwined.Unveil psychological foundations of their subconscious in a way that contradicts their rational or conscious decision -making and confessions.
The author refers to this central idea by referring to the letters that have been written by people about their mythical dreams who reflect their concerns or subconscious struggles. Campbell (2004) presents an example of the dream of a young man, his fatherTo kill accidentally to obtain the full attention of his mother, which was a recurring topic in mythology.In this regard, the connection between the experience of early childhood and adulthood for myths and their manifestation in dreams of essential importance is of essential importance.themselves and the subconscious triggers of their emotions and behaviors can understand.