The topic of euthanasia is an extremely sensitive topic of discussion that is surrounded by numerous ethical debates. In general, euthanasia is used as a term to describe intentional acts in order to end the life of a person painlessly to put an end to their painthe supporters of euthanasia about the right to make their own decision in terms of life and death and to call the action as "murder nodes", since they end people of the suffering.Action to murder the point of view of some ethical theories - namely teleology, deontology and Levina "face of the others" - is deeply unethical and contradicts all possible moral laws.
Teleology is the study of things in relation to the purposes they serve, and Aristotle was strongly dependent.Against the last end. What Aristotle considered the final end, it was "complete good" - luck, the ultimate goal of all of our activities that a human life "does not need" (Aristotle, 2017, p. 247).All of our activities to achieve a goal, although most of them are means to achieve other goals. Business is in and of itself a goal - the ultimate goal; as such it is the highest good.That different people tend to think about what makes life happy or good - the goal of ethics is to answer this question. However, it is unlikely that this answer is death - which is the result of euthanasia;It can therefore be concluded that the practice of euthanasia would be considered unethical from Aristotle's perspective.
The theory of deontology is the theory according to which people have a moral obligation to join in with a certain series of rules and principles. Mimmanuel Kant was the prominent lawyer of this theory and formulated its most extensive form. In contrast to the religious interpretations of deontological theoryRules of the theory of Kant derived from the human spirit. If Kant, "some actions are naturally wrong", even if they lead to a remarkable result (Kant, 2019, p. 30).evaluated - regardless of the end result. In relation to euthanasia, the end result can be considered good - one person can escape the suffering. However, it would be most likely that the life of another is ended.the perspective of Kant's deontological theory unethical.
"Face of the other" is the theory of Emmanuel Lévinas-a French philosopher of the 20th century, which suggests that people in face are responsible for each other.to survive alone and to find a meaning, "within his own being in the world, within the ontology of equality" (My Jüdish Learning, N.d.). According to Lévinas, the right to exist, priority before theOwn right, and it is embodied in an ethical decree: you should not kill and you will not endanger someone else's life. As a result, the act of euthanasia would be considered violence against the life of someone else.
As a result, euthanasia is likely to be considered unethical from the perspective of these theories. In terms of teleological perspective, things that are happy or good can not be pursued - therefore euthanasia could hardly be regarded with the death of the end result.In accordance with Kant's deontological theory acts that are always wrong, regardless of the result that fits euthanasia - essentially a kill that frees pain.The existence only makes sense with others - from his point of view, euthanasia would be considered violations of the life of someone else.