Carbohydrates are energy -generating foods that enable the body to work well. Yeather person needs many carbohydrates in their diet to stay healthy and their daily tasks correctly.(Wali et al., 2021). The absorption of high carbohydrates leads to high calories and sufficient energy for the body.
Some of the foods that contain a high content of carbohydrates are wheat that can be consumed as a wheat grain or wheat flour and differ in its functionality in the body. Wheat flour is obtained by grinding the wheat grain in order to remove the outer part of the kernel, the bran and germ. The chemical composition of the bran and parts of the endosperm of the kernel gives a variation. The kernel contains strength as the main carbohydrate in its endosperm. The kernel also contains free gas, pentosan and glucofructane.Kleie, has strength as contamination of the endosperm. The Kleie also contains carbohydrate materials such as free gas and cellulose.
Carbohydrates come from different foods, including fruit, green vegetables, roots and legumes. In the fruits contained in a total of three, namely glucose, fructose and sucrose (Ludwig et al., 2018).While fructose is used in the functioning of the liver. Saccharosis is broken down into fructose and glucose to give body energy. Green vegetables contain only simple carbohydrates that are in the basic shape.Body are useful. Publisher contain complex carbohydrates in resistant strength that are used as foods of organisms in the large intestine. Complex carbohydrates resist in the small intestine in glucose.
The consumption of a large amount of additional sugar is unhealthy for the human body. The high calories of daily carbohydrates must be associated with the strict activity in order to burn them. The consumption of high amounts of strength and fat leads to obesity.If there is an illness that results from unbroken calories in the body. The person must have the consumption of the right amounts of carbohydrates.that isolated the blood, if the blood does not flow into other parts of the body due to the excess sugar, you can experience a stroke due to a shortage of blood in the body parts.
In summary, carbohydrates are important for our body, and the level of consumption differs depending on the type of activity that you do.that they carry out to avoid excessive consumption of carbohydrates. Carbohydrates have different functions in the body that depend on the types of carbohydrates. Carbohydrates mainly give the body the energy to do activities, affect muscles or only body movements underInstructions of doctors to avoid carbohydrates with a high content due to the underlying conditions should consume low carbohydrate foods such as vegetables and some fruits. Carbohydrates that occur naturally in fruit and vegetables are less harmful to the body than added sugar. Should consult your doctor about the type of fruit and vegetables to consume depending on the severity of your condition.