Chapter 12 describes the events of the colonization of America in 1450-1600, including the conquest of the southern continent and trade types that affected Asia, Africa and Europe.Chinese, not involved in the colonization of the countries in southern and North America (Adelman et al., 2015, p. 475).Discovery of Columbus had. This discovery changed the boundaries of the states to new continents and the way of life of the residents of European, African and Asian countries through increased trade and interaction between the peoples.Third in the world.
It is noted that the expansion to the West was partly an experiment, which led to the concepts of the new and old worlds., P. 478). It was also described, as the Ottoman Empire, the Byzantium, had already conquered the Balkans and conquered in the realm of Venecians, Syria and Egypt 1516-1517.conquered when he was confronted with the safavid that founded a Shiite state on the Iranian plateau. In particular, the subsequent plans of the Ottoman Empire to conquer Europe, fell together with Martin Luther's Protestant movement. The authors also discuss the presence of the Portuguesein Africa and Asia in the context of the "collision" of the continents. The most important topics include navigation and military advances, sugar and slavery, trade and conquest in the Indian Ocean as well as the conquered Atlantic world.
In Chapter 13, relationships between new and old worlds, China, Africa and Europe are further addressed. The emergence of the Mercantilism concept in global trade is attributed to special attention. The Europeans see mercantilism as an understanding that valuable resources such as gold and silver in theThe entire world and the desire to bring these resources into your treasury are limited.
After the Spaniards confiscated most of the gold and silver in South America, other European countries tried to maintain these resources by selling cash plants such as tobacco and sugar, and by state -sanctioned pirate attacks on merchant ships (Adelman et al., 2015, p.520). The authors describe the small ice age in the 17th century when a cold snap and a drought were triggered by the Spaniards after the extinction of millions of cities in South America (Adelman et al., 2015, p.524) This is described by the expansion in North America, including the settlement of the first countries by Europeans on the Atlantic coast.
The comparative perspectives on climate change in the Ottoman and Ming -rich are equally interesting. In this rich, the small ice age caused a severe rebellion and unrest to the farmers who were confronted with the farmers.The hardest, where the situation was additionally destabilized by the import of silver in New World, which led to inflation. What began as unrest in the province of Anatolia, finally led to the end of the Ottoman Empire, which never restored its power and influence, although onThe uprising in the late seventeen century followed a successful period. The weakening of the state caused Egypt, Syria and other Arab provinces to claim autonomy.
The small ice age was fatal for the Ming dynasty, which was not survived and was later replaced by the Qing dynasty. In Beijing, an estimated 300,000 citizens of hunger died; food shortages pushed Manchu to China and contributions to destabilization (Adelman et al., 2015, P. 537).