Chapter 9
The two main concepts in Chapter 9 of the "Women in World History" are gender roles and feminism.
Gender roles
Gender roles (gr) are social roles that are assigned to every gender, regardless of whether they are male or female.Possibilities of women in society. The Turkmen women were conveniently involved from their own houses in nomadic carpets (Hughes & Hughes, 1997). While men transported products from the family tents, women were responsible for activities within and around the animal sheltersWomen who had not yet born their first children born twelve hours a day, while older women took care of the house. In the 20th century, the carpet weaving became a main industry in Iran, as it was very much in demand in other western societies.In general, the book outlines how the division of labor made the females to cope with household work, and men travel and are involved in business transactions.
feminism
Feminism is a sentence that is used to describe a western ideology that deals with women's rights that are based on political and socio -economic equality.In addition to nationalist movements of the Middle East in western countries, feminism occurred and recognized.. Follow of the growing international trade, which was promoted by the railway and the Suez channel, many women experienced changes. When the Islamic Republic was founded, the leadership ultimately began to change laws on the newly acquired rights of women.
Chapter 10
Chapter 10 of the book mainly discusses the effects of British rule on Indian women.
Gender split and feminism
This part coincides like chapter 9 gender roles; however, it focuses on Indian women in this context. The British came to India to develop their trade and increase their profits.Preparing employees in the public service. Women were responsible for homework and the planning and coordination of family meetings. Westler had discussed the treatment of women to rationalize their conquests from Asians and Africans.Fair requirements of the Western. Finally, nationalists reacted with a program of liberal reforms for women who required a feminist perspective to change the life of Indian spouses.
Women's failure (Purdah)
According to Hughes and Hughes (1997), "Purdah" was known to relate to seclusion, and with which women were separated from society, especially in Islamic culture.The Indian National Congress, a nationalist organization, argued that women have land and should live in nuclear families and not in isolated apartments. Women had to come out in Purdah and take part in modern public events. Indian women were released from social restrictions, not from the British colonial power.
Poverty and literacy
Dalit women were among the poorest in India, with a high animal set of illiterate.
Due to discrimination, it made it more difficult for them to get poverty, while the continuing political discussion made the problem of educational and employment protection.Which makes it difficult to make considerable adjustments to life.