The life interrupted by Interrupted from 1999 from 1999 in a psychiatric hospital from the perspective of his patients. The main character is Susanna Kaysen, a girl who completed the high school, decided not to go to college and try suicide. The last incidentWas the reason why her parents sent her to a psychiatric facility in which she was diagnosed with a border personality disorder.As a teenager, presented her a difficult but not hopeless psychiatric state.
The protagonist is a beautiful thin girl with short hair, pale skin and a unique sense of style. As the plot reveals, Susanna is talented in writing, painting and music, but in the film this frame was created to demonstrate that itselfIndividuals like Susanna may have to struggle with several emotional problems, including a low self -esteem, the non -compliance of social rules and the fear.Happiness, especially at the beginning of the film.
The lighting was also a critical element in girls, interrupted, but it was not used to emphasize a character.This technique was probably used to show that although this story was mainly Susanna, it was a small part of this world in which people hurt themselves, starve themselves, lie to others and are violent.
Music in girls, interrupted is primarily depressing to reveal the protagonist's mind.pursued, several months or weeks because it harms itself again.
The processing of the film was made to present Susanna's discomfort about her memories and thoughts. The Timeline of the story is not linear, but backwards to show the flashbacks of the girl beyond difficult moments in her life.Last and central situations in which the main character in the dark is sitting with other patients. If doctors try to save their lives after their attempted suicide when she claims that her bones were disappearing. This transition wanted to show,That Susanna was not sure whether she was healthy or crazy.
The film creators used external and inner factors to build up the character.Near people are anxious and wants to make themselves invisible by putting more powder on their face to make it paler and wear clothes that can cover their body at the most.About accidental situations without a specific purpose. The relationship with Lisa show that the main character is lost, but she is against cruelty.To stay in the hospital. It was therefore the last message that, despite her uncertainty, which made her way to recovery, she wanted to be part of the ordinary world.
In summary, Girl, Interrupted is not only a film about psychiatric patients, but also the story of a teenage girl who tried to find her place in the world.Other characters and the processing of the film were made in such a way that the protagonist was aware of her mental problems.