During the entire Odyssey, Odysseus meets several unique characters who have different stories and interact in their specific way with the main character.Odysseus Athena, Poseidon and Polyphemus are surrounded by unique myths and take a certain place on Odysseus' trip.
While Athena and Poseidon are gods, polypheme is a cyclops encountered by Odysseus. In view of the contrasting origin of these characters, Athena and Poseidon are known for their divine forces; Polyphemus, on the other hand, is known for his leadership about the cyclops and the son of Poseidon.odysseusFirst Athena, who is disguised as a little girl. In contrast to Poseidon's first encounter with Odysseus, when the God tries to avenge polyphema, which was killed by the protagonist on the island of the cyclopes.
Although Odysseus interacts with several gods on his way, the goddess Athena remains particularly important because of her position as patron of the hero. Athena always protected the protagonist from danger and ensured his successful journey. For example, Odysseus says when he spoke to Athena ,:"Stand with me and I would now fight my light-eyed and I would fight for three hundred men, great goddess" (Homer 224). From this perspective, the goddess shares a unique relationship with the protagonist and is for the path of Odysseus ofcrucial importance.
Another god, whom Odysseus meets on his journey, is Poseidon, the god of the sea.odysseus and Poseidon, but share a drastically contrasting relationship, with Poseidon demonstrated by the protagonist who blinded the son of God.Poseidon says to Odysseus: "I give this man his swamp of trouble!" And "He rammed the clouds together - both hands / clasp with his trident - the waves in the chaos" (Homer 86).The hero's trip to hinder what is one of the numerous examples of God's critical role on the way of Odysseus.
Finally, polyphema tried to harm the hero and his companions; Odysseus succeeds in cheating the cyclops. Polyphemus said to this "nobody, friends" / "Nobody now killed me by fraud and not by violence" (Homer 149),What prevents polyphem from gaining help from his friends.