In the academic environment of chemical processes, named reactions are of particular importance, since they are of use or solve problems of the intergroup transition between connections. Under the processes mentioned, the Diels-Alder reaction or the service synthesis, the traditionally for the production of stereo-specific six-partCarbon cycles are used with several bindings, of excellent research popularity. For this reaction, two types of reagents are used, one conjugated service and the other one can be used.Electron acceptor groups, and serve the requirements of chemical stability, the conjugation of bonds and the ability to take S-CIS configuration.
The double name of this reaction is due to the history of its creation. 1927 The process was patented by German organic chemists Otto Diels and Kurt Alder (Diels & Alder, 1927).To use them to produce aromatic rings, Diels and Alder were awarded the Nobel Prize for their development in 1950.
Since then, the possibilities of the service synthesis have expanded significantly; this includes the possibility of maintaining bicyclic compounds if cyclical servants were used as raw materials. However, the basis has remained unchanged;Conjugation enables the production of non-aromatic homocyclic with several bindings.carried out inert solvent, which is an additional advantage for its practical implementation in the laboratory.
Proceedings
For the present reaction of the service synthesis, butticial sulfon was used to generate a conjugated service system when heated.The decomposition of fixed buttabendics ulfon was carried out to produce poisonous sulfur dioxide and buttacies 1,3. The sulfur dioxide was recorded with water, since only one trigger hood would lead to air pollution.
Thus 2.29 g butcium sulfon at 1.22 g finely dispersed malesin anhydride was given in a heat-resistant 50-milliliter piston.. A reflux capacitor was hermetically bound by the opening of the piston, and all possible gaps were sealed with a rubber sound wall according to Figure 1. Several wet paper towels were additionally attached to the beaker to catch the toxic sulfur dioxide vapors.
Figure 1. Schematic representation of the setup used for service synthesis.
The installed return system was slowly heated for 30 minutes, and the CycloHex 4-en-CIS-1,2-dicarboxylic anhydride remained in the round piston. After a five-minute cooling after completion of the warming, the process was repeated, but with 5 mlDestiled water that was added to the round floor piston. After 30 minutes of repeated heating, the mixture was cooled and the synthesized crystals were collected by vacuum filtration with 2 × 2 parts of ice water.were dried and analytically weighed to determine their exact mass for further analyzes.