Differences between primary and secondary sources
Primary sources provide first -hand evidence for the events or phenomena that you study. These sources include diaries, photographs, video and audio recordings, interview transcripts, works of art, statistical data and others. All these types of sources give the researcher the opportunityto find out directly about the examined matter by observing it or reading/hearing from witnesses. In the case of the core disaster in Chernobyl, the most relevant primary sources reports, documents and local newspapers of this time, photos and witness interviews.Use of such resources can be given the opportunity to learn impartial facts and to receive the most relevant information about the investigated event or phenomenon.Circumstances under which it developed. For example, for historians and archaeologists, primary sources such as old fossils or some tribes serve both information and inspiration sources. On the other hand, reports and relevant news publications for someone will be helpful sources for reliable data.
In the meantime, secondary sources from second hand information and analyzes from other researchers. Suitary sources include books, ratings and scientific articles that examine the topic of research. The analysis of secondary sources can get the analyzed phenomenon and the primary sources a deeper understanding of the analyzed phenomenon. Waring primary sources offer the first -hand situation first -hand, the secondary researchers enable the material on this topic.
Explain why it is important to consult a variety of sources in the implementation of historical research
Both types of sources are of crucial importance in research, since they complement each other. Delighted primary sources provide credible evidence, secondary sources provide additional information and valuable synthesis.To complete thorough research sub -catches. You need much more than a few sources, however credible you may be. It is of the greatest importance to consult a variety of sources in the implementation. If the same data occurs in several sources, its credibility is increasing. At the same time, the presence of various information gives the researcher food for thinking and enables it to ask new questions and look for new answers, the more sources you have available, the more sources you have availableIt is crucial not only to consult a wide range of sources, but also different types of them, since authors of articles and books pursue different approaches to the synthesis of data, for example.