The nephrology -dialysis transplantation (NDT) is a scientific and clinical European magazine. It is a collection of articles that analyze the dialysis, transplant and nephrological research.) approved. It contains important analyzes and data for scientists worldwide. This is where the other articles of Statpearls were selected because the source is included in the National Center for Biotechnological Information (NCBI)..
The article focuses on the main causes of chronic inflammation at the time of kidney failure in the end stage. In this way, the authors describe the influence of diseases on the clinical results and the role of medium molecules as significant factors for the beginning of pathology.Dialysis are checked to stabilize the situation. The final stage of the kidney damage is the stage of the development of a chronic kidney failure. In this case, the disease enters the last phase and threatens human life and health.of the triggered urine (diuresis). In level 2, different signs appear and nausea and a large amount of urine appear. In level 3, the liquid does not leave and the diuresis stops. The kidneys fail, and an acute kidney failure develops whatA deterioration in well -being. The treatment of kidney damage in the final stage in adults includes taking medication.
Chronic kidney failure occurs at 200-500 of one million people. The population with chronic kidney failure increases by 10-12%. Morbidities with kidney disease in the final stage causing the diuresis of a person to be reduced to almost zero.The chronic kidney failure develops pulmonary edema. The prevalence rate of the disease includes around 759 people per million inhabitants. The incidence rate is not available worldwide for all countries, so it is not easy to analyze the information in detail. The average number of newly reported cases isHowever, 144 per million. The mortality rate decreases and is currently around 28%. The doctors are prescribing a blood test to evaluate creatinine, potassium and urea in order to determine the disease.In the event of a need, the doctor prescribes the catheterization of the kidney basin and the angiography of the kidneys.