Learning history helps people to establish connections between the past and the present and to enable the future for the future based on previous lessons. The climate change is one of the most important topics that have interest and research.Developing technology, they will inevitably be exposed to disasters if they neglect the problems of nature. The nuclear accident in Chornobyl in 1986 was one of the most devastating ecological events that changed the fate of thousands of people in many countries.
My previous knowledge of the topic is not sufficient, but I know that the most important release of radioactive materials has occurred, which led to the contamination of air and water and caused numerous diseases and deaths.The explosion kept secret what prevented people from saving their lives within the first hours and days after the accident.Increase in radiation levels to "between ten and one hundred times normal" (price, 2021, para. 1).
I would like to learn more about the reasons that have led to such a catastrophe and find out whether it was avoidable.. I cannot understand how they could have been silent at a time when thousands of citizens were gradually driven into an ecological trap.
The values, assumptions and beliefs that I have associated with the chosen topic are two -dimensional. On the other hand, I am concerned that such disasters can occur and the lives of people can damage.Do not act without a thought and dare to neglect people's lives. I always considered freedom and health as the most important values. I believe that world leaders should do everything possible to prevent such disasters or at least not to hide them.
My opinion on the subject is that people should learn from such disasters and use this devastating lesson in the future. However, my perspective is very closely associated with the current world situation. The relevant events due to the invasion of Ukraine in Russia are alarming.I should note that the Russians attacked the Zaporizhzhia power plant of Ukraine a few days ago that is the largest in Europe (Borger & Henley, 2022). During the question of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, I will be very tragic and relevantConcentrate on the confiscation of the nuclear systems in this article.
Unfortunately it seems that history has not taught some people. After so many deaths in 1986 and after years one could think that countries of the world had learned the value of the health and life of people, which is why I would like to have the subject of chornobyl-Nuclear accident. In this way, I can learn more about this catastrophe and draw conclusions about today's threats and the need to prevent the possibility of repetition.