It is no secret that some members of society have more privileges than others. The people are marginalized due to their breed, ethnicity and social class.Reasons were not allowed to enter the restaurant. This was a terrible experience when I was concerned about what happened in the restaurant. I think people should not be treated badly because of their breed.
This minor case indicates that the bigger problem that people are wrong in the context of the punitive justice system. The punitive justice system in the United States should protect and serve.As what the news channels can bring to light, even though this should not be the case. Menomen and people who do not fulfill the “norms” of society are often treated unevenly by those who are commissioned to protect it.Stevenson writes the book about groups of people who are susceptible to the victim of the system and how it helped people in prison to do justice to them.Justification suffers.
An outstanding example of this is the case of George Floyd. As I saw the footage of George Floyd's killing for the first time, I felt a wave of pain and anger through my body, not because I was surprised or outraged because black women and men wereLong before my birth, I felt more impotent.
The fact that someone was able to protect and protect themselves decided to do the opposite and to murder someone so openly and publicly.And it is the same helplessness that George shouted in his last minutes.
One of the lessons of the Black Lives Matter movement is that it is not enough to be non-racist. We have to use all of our voices to be anti-racist. We must all of our moral obligations to be interpreted as consentFulfilling that suffer from the struggle. This not only implies a performative social media contribution.are socially conscious buyers or write to elected authorities about the acceptance of guidelines that lead to changes. This has not described Stevenson in his book, the rational consideration of any criminal proceedings, not biased and helps people.
We can no longer turn back on what happened last year. The suffering of the less lucky is documented and spread so that everyone can see. We are obliged to react because there is no room for ignorance or inactivityFor changes, our ability to unlock our empathy for others and combine them with action.Lack of accountability broke out.