One of the social factors that could affect the food purchased is the lack of healthy food. If I appeal to Wal-Mart in the forest part, I can collect enough information about available products and their prices. For example65 USD, a LAIB Sara Lee Bread $ 2.44, a bag of gala apples costs 3.58 USD and a bag of organic baby carrot costs 3.88 USD. The prices are as follows: A yoghurt container costs 1.92 US-Dollar, 2-liter pepsi soda costs 1.98 USD, a bag of chips costs $ 2.84 and a family-size family-size family costs 3.98 USD. In Maywood, IL 60153, the population is mainly African American (68, 6%), but also white citizens (18.2%) and Hispanic/Latino (26.9%) live there (US census office, N.d.). The selected living area lacks good grocery stores, but the number of fast food is missing-Restaurants has increased significantly in recent years. This means that people cannot buy healthy foods, but have to eat products with poor quality and have to contribute to their health problems such as high blood pressure and diabetes.
Another social factor that influences human health and shopping habits is a bad transformation and the impossibility of regularly visiting Wal -Mart.% (US census office, n.d.). This means that not all people with good food can go into business and make decisions, not at the expense of their health. The combination of transport, low income and food factors is for public health ofCrucial importance (Islam, 2019). It is not enough to identify a problem, but to find ways to solve it and help the population achieve improvements.
A Community Health Nurse (CHN) is responsible for promoting public health and for the selection of interventions to combat nutritional safety.Community members a unique opportunity to promote and protect health. The main features of this intervention are a high level of commitment, a partnership and a goal orientation (Schffer & Strohschein, 2019).The cooperation of the community is necessary to analyze the current state of affairs, and cooperation with families improves personal knowledge and commitment.