Conflict management in the workplace is one of the decisive elements in connection with the organization of work in health institutions. In this respect, McKibben (2017) claims that conflicts are an inevitable part of human interaction, especially if the collective activity with physical, mental and ethical complexity isassociated with hospitals.in turn has a negative effect on the overall quality of the supplied patient care. It is important to solve the conflicts as soon as they appear. To understand how disputes can be treated effectively, you should understand the factors that cause them.
In general, all predecessors of organizational conflicts can be divided into three groups, namely individually, interpersonal and organizational. What concerns the former, Kim et al. (2017) have argued that self -esteem, self -focus, emotional intelligence of health profession, the prevailing reactions to conflicts, Communication styles and the general worldview determine the frequency and severity of the disputes. In a similar way, Chang, Chen and Chen (2017) found that the license level, age and earlier experience of a person in other collectives can affect behavior in conflict situationsIn contrast, interpersonal conflicts are caused by factors such as lack of trust and respect for a person, abuse of power and ineffective communication (Kim et al., 2017).Responsibility and inadequate hierarchy lead to dissatisfaction and disputes (Kim et al., 2017;McKibben, 2017).
I have also participated in several conflicts that can be explained by the factors mentioned above. First of all, I have a friend who is generally a good person who is quite self -based.For this reason we usually have to do what he wants, which ultimately leads to conflicts when I fed up with fed up. Secondly, I noticed that many conflicts between me and my parents and friends are caused by my inabilityTo control emotions. We had a conflict with my classmates once when we worked on the team project when we did not discuss every person's responsibility before the start.