Consequentialism is an ethical philosophy that determines whether something is right or wrong, based on its effects. The consequent perspective of euthanasia and the suicide of doctors always had opponents and followers.Legalization of a certain activity will be a so -called slippery tendency, others believe that the ban represents a violation of fundamental rights and disregarded people's autonomy.
The support for independence and selection is usually referred to as the main motivation for the legalization of suicide and euthanasia of doctors.).. Several publications have argued that this is due to a misunderstanding of the ethical meaning of autonomy (Sjöstrand et al., 2011). It was claimed that if the autonomy is understood correctly, suicide and euthanasia are both unethical, because they damage the patient's rights.
Sjöstran et al.Euthanasia and PAS against the best interest of the patient and a second argument in which euthanasia implies the right to autonomy (Sjöstrand et al., 2011)., since not all cases of PAS or euthanasia can be considered acceptable and the harmful consequences outweigh these arguments.
On the contrary, vine is perceived by the damage to the damage without concentrating on other views. The concept of reducing damage has grown both horizontally in order to apply for a broader variety of political areas as well as vertical to part of the official socio -economic and regulatory debateIf (Weinstock, 2020). In his work, Weinstock explains that deliberate damage reduction effectively takes into account some of the most appealing aspects of damage minimization and offers a credible reasoning for the judicial principles and restrictions on the reduction in damage (Weinstock, 2020) emphasizes the consequential concerns thatTo regulate and control activity instead of determining the senseless way, the view of which is precisely the ethical effects of behavior.
On the other hand, the last argument proves that the violation of the rights and freedoms of the people can violate. In Smith's paper, a slippery hang argument is taken into account.Euthanasia would assume that they will create a domino effect that will ultimately lead to an undesirable result.to treat people who do not treat help in the end of their lives as a goal in themselves.
Therefore, the consequential argument that supports itself on euthanasia and suicide of doctors emphasizes the importance of the effects of the given practice. On the one hand, the researchers found that the given activity is a slippery slope and due to their negative effects on society and meaninglessness of ethicalImplications should be regulated and forbidden.