Criminology is one of the most important criminal judicial areas that are characterized as interdisciplinary areas based on the principles of sociology, psychology, politics, statistics and economics.and to examine criminals and identify factors that influence the motives of criminals. By researching criminal and crime data, criminologists find patterns and determine common characteristics and behavior of criminals, frequent causes for crimes and criminals.has a preventive character. The studies carried out by criminologists aim to reduce crimes by identifying and eliminating factors that influence the human tendency to inspect a crime.The motivation and the effective punishment methods of the criminals presented that could be used to correct the different behavior of the criminals.
Since there are many examples of criminal behavior, there are dozens of different criminological theories and paradigms. According to Coomber et al. (2019), most crime theories concentrate on street crime.Restricts for public security are influenced by street criminal rates from the street environment. For example, the Zeng et al. (2021) found that environmental factors for roads such as the frequency of road usage and the presence of escape paths significantly influence the number of robbery.The analysis of the background of the criminal also examines criminologists other factors that influence the crime rate.
In addition, more precise research results in criminology could be achieved by carefully selecting the right method for the analysis of crime data.In order to compare the data and extract valuable information. Case studies are very effective as a method of criminology research, since they provide the most precise information. However, case studies are expensive and require considerable resources.Data is collected by an interview with a psychologist. The next step into the information from research that is carried out by analysis of statistical data by crimes as a mass phenomenon could be used by the government to protect the population.
There are many other frequent methods in criminology that are less effective or accurate. One of this is the comparative method that focuses on exploring the connections between two objects.by Adelman et al. (2021) found that immigration has no influence on the crime rate on average.represent the population.
In addition, many important details and valuable information are missing due to the high number of crimes not reported. For example, Huebner et al. (2020) found that in communities that were enforced by black residents, there is a lower probability that the residents 911call.Therefore, the exact measurement of crime data for the provision of valuable information about the current situation with criminal activities and their trends is essential.is a threat to the safety of the population and the reduced guideline quality.