The only way to cope with the everyday complexity of life is to command your mind. Whatever you do, feel about a situation or action you want to execute, all will be of the quality of your thinkingDefinitely critical thinking helps to gain control of your life, to deal with the challenging situations of life and to make rational decisions for the matter.The best solution for the application. This paper will use the critical steps in my personal experience, in which I describe what I will do in different phases to combat the problem and make a decisionThe last careful decision arrives, I will pursue each of the phases of critical thinking in order to get a solid decision. According to Medeiros et. (2019), the steps of critical thinking; identifying the problem, replacing emotional participation and definition of solution criteria are.
When identifying the problem, I will look at the niche that exists in my family. If I talk overreale when a small argument or rather a disagreement occurs, and so I do not get in touch with my mother well with my mother.I am sure that she can't stand me either, although one day I have reformed and would like to go to my house in my childhood. After the children were separated from my children's mother, the children were affected by the separation and made themselvesNot good at school. After a careful evaluation, I decided to move home after my mother passed on and moved my children to another school.
After a number of consulting meetings, I admitted that healthy control of my feelings is of crucial importance. This is because I enable myself to get more effective in critical thinking before I get vague conclusions or overreactDelete negative emotional dispositions, I can build a better relationship with my family, since you have always seen me as problematic and persistent.whether the decision made is good.
Over the years, the advice has been taught me a lot about the maintenance of my values ​​and beliefs with my mother and mother of my children, since I have associated them in my daily life. In my decision some of theConvenements that I have that the Bible teaches forgiveness and solves the Christian path.. In the same way, my children have to start again in the new school. With everything that stood between me and my mother and her death, I take your upcoming death and the solution that stands out is back to my house in my childhood.However, the expected result of the solution is to create a way of thinking about my past and at the same time evaluating the decisions that I made at the time and started again, and therefore this decision will give me closure. The children have a clean start andTherefore, improve academic and the proximity will enable easier aftercare.