The poem of the righteous affected person is a mesopotamic poem about the unjust suffering of a suffering man. The poem is small, consisting of almost 500 lines and written in Akkadian. It is relevant for his time of creation, since people up to the 13th century BCBC had already started to understand the need to understand moral foundations.And the problem of morality. In this regard, the poem of the righteous suffering of the historical community enables the cultural values ​​and social attitudes of the old Mesopotamia to be researched.
First and foremost, the poem is considered one of the beginnings of the biblical stories of the Old Testament. The case of man and his reversal are essential elements of the poem...
The source shows how the consciousness and doubts of people have changed in the life of life. This cultural heritage shows that a righteous lifestyle does not mean good treatment by the deities. Possible injustice affects society considerably, so that the protagonist "the pursuer dayFor the day, followed "without understanding what he deserves (poem of just suffering).has already confronted God's will (poem of just suffering). The culture of time forced the man to hope for the best, although the deities did not explain their decisions.
The social problems in the poem are revealed as a number of attitudes, followed by the protagonist.. In his figure, one can see the image of the man of antiquity, which goes through the hard lifestyle through suffering.With this knowledge we can understand why biblical motifs come from Babylon. The social reality was that divine grace could only be deserved through hope and faith.
Based on the source, one can estimate how the man was closely bound to society. The protagonist speculates about fate and volatility and tries to understand why good deeds and praise God brought him no mercy.Laws and rewards do not accompany good people (poems of the righteous suffering). The general social mood of the poem is restless and unknown: The reasons why the gods send misfortune are not specified and unknown.
The poem of the righteous suffering thus reveals the questions of culture and society that existed in the middle of the second decade.This time was transformed and the hope for the best was the companion. The social attitudes of society are expressed by the rituals of the main character: to honor God and praise the king. The hope of the best was only fulfilled by the execution of these rituals.