Reviews of the curriculum
The assessment of the curriculum is a natural and critical teaching element, since it enables the progress in education to be evaluated. It can be defined as a method that is used to understand the current knowledge that a student has (Dikli, 2003). The evaluation has always been a controversial topic, since various factors of objectivity, the variety of learning styles and the bureaucratic problems, among other things.are multiple-choice tests, real/wrong, short and sometimes even essays. These falls below the tests generally known as standardized tests to objectively test whether a student has knowledge of the curriculum. With the same or similar tests thatThe traditional assessments of the curriculum offer everyone in a population (classroom, class, school).), they are rated objectively, and they are most often associated with the evaluation of public perception (Dikli, 2003). This approach to evaluation is influenced by the scientific, modernist approach with clearly specified goals and precise indicators that the studentshave achieved the intended goals (Ornstein & Hunkins, 2018).
Alternative ratings are also referred to as performance tests or authentic assSessmsnts. They often aim to determine what a student can do, what he knows, and measure knowledge as a blunt knowledge, known as action strategies (Petre, 2017)Examples of this can include projects, portfolios and other methods with which the student can demonstrate their skills individually or as a group at the same time.to get in line with the learning results and usually have more individual approaches for the evaluation of the students (BYU center for teaching and learning, n.d.). Humanistic, postmodern approach is best suited for alternative ratings, since they want to find out whether theStudents can understand and improve self -concepts. For this perception, successes are less important, but the search for knowledge and truth if the student gains the skills that are necessary to study, engage, analyze and communicate the world (Ornstein& Hunkins, 2018).
Roles in the evaluation
In my environment, teachers play the role of educators who impart knowledge of the curriculum for the students, and then the moderators of the evaluation tests (most frequently standardized) based on the results of the program learning.what is included in the main curriculum, and then the performance of educators as specialists for the big tests is evaluated by the results of these tests.and prepare to memorize facts instead of acquiring and applying the knowledge (Robelen, 2018). I would argue that teachers should be involved in all steps of the evaluation process from start to finish.Create that are best suited for your subject, your students and your age group. With the creation of suitable reviews, educators can then extensively test the students and set the weak and strong sides of their educational strategies holistically and which changes can be made for the greatest effectiveness.