In his graphic novel, Spiegelman uses a literary device that is known as an anthropomorphism to show the difference between breeds, including Americans, Germans and the Jews.Author expressed ideas. In mouse, Spiegelman portrays the horrors of the Holocaust and reminds the readers that the victims and survivors of the Holocaust also had their own life and dreams.
The first section that is discussed is Chapter 1 - "The Sheikh". In this section, the main character Artie asks his father Vladek to tell him about his life during the war.It was confronted, he says to tell his son about his happy and negligent life in 1935 (Spiegelman, 1980, pp. 13-23). ​​This wish to remember the good old days, proves that the victims of the warBetter to remember the pleasant times.
The second section is chapter 3- "prisoner of war". In this part of the novel, Vladek talks about the first events that he saw as a soldier. Interestingly, Vladek remembers the name of a soldier that he killed and shows this detail that this detail shows thatthat even in the terrible events the brain catches the small and tireless things (Spiegelman, 1980, p. 50). In conclusion, Vladek says that he was united with his family, and this event is more important than what it is a prisoner of warhas experienced.
The third part of the analysis is chapter 5 - "mouse holes". This section shows that for many mice war there is a number of difficult decisions that have to be made so that they try to survive (Spiegelman, 1980).Learning the death of their children, they have to keep a cold mind so as not to be caught by the cats.
To draw a conclusion, one can say that this graphic novel is a unique literary work about World War II. In this comic drawings, Spiegelman managed to show the horrors of the Holocaust and the small but meaningful things that the victimsSupported and helped some of them to remain hopeful. The author shows the irony of the situation that the war was full of violence and murders - the Germans are only animals that are better than others.