In recent years, the field of computer technology has gradually developed and developed and contributed to the success of many individuals and organizations. The technology has been confronted with numerous challenges because it continues to grow enormously.have and harm and harm technologies in need of protection. Information of the incidents that support this claim are information theft, malware, ransomware attack and hacking of servers that have become a significant challenge for technology users in all parts of the world. Cyber-Security experts have saved technology users by recognizing and protecting computer systems from these attacks.
In 2017, Shock was the globe after learning how helpless the world was after the famous deficiency-Cry-Ransomware cyber attack on the Microsoft Windows operating system was aimed at by encrypting the data of its users. The encrypted ransomwarecalled for some payments in the form of bitcoins to decipher the data, an incident that caused my company to counter a technology career to counteract this vice that affects the technology.And it is not always easy to identify the weak link in which the cyber attackers would penetrate, relevant studies such as cyber security would solve this problem.
Computer programming were among the best topics in my school that drove my wish for this technological path. As a graduate of the technology for electrical engineering and computer technology from Norfolk State University and having the opportunity to have a master's degree in Norfolk State University inMaking cyber security to develop more skills would be very appreciated. The cyber security is of crucial importance for the currently growing digital world because it offers confidentiality and security of personal information and financial registration information.
The most important topics include big data analytics, cloud computing, digital forensics, cyber psychology, wireless security and socio-cyber security. With cyber security skills, a person can use the recent digital security technologies to do actual practice. Top organizationsare ready to spend a lot for cyber security experts who can protect your data from vulnerable course, which means that a course in cyber security is very relevant and high in market with good job security.
The Master in Cyber ​​Security will improve the best ways to secure networks and information systems through intrusion identification and recognition of normal events.And knowledge of the maintenance and design of reliable and safe information systems is also possible. It is also possible to identify the human factors that affect a network and computer safety.
This program will also clarify the legal, technical, political and dimensional aspects of network security, the security of computer systems and information security.Examination and examination of knowledge and the standard penetration test methodology, the technical aspects of the networks, the security of the computer and information system as well as the techniques for authentication, examining access control and secure communication.Make one in different careers: security architect, Chief Information Security Officer, security applications and security managers. Co -professionals, safety engineers and information security consultants also require cyber security expertise and will be very important in the future dynamic digital world.