There are numerous logical errors that are presented in a text or speech. Any these errors are the appeal of authority, anecdotal evidence, hasty generalizations and the slippery tendency., which is characterized by an author, spokesman or debate, to convince the audience by provoking his emotional reaction.
Emotions are an indispensable part of the characteristics of the character and life of everyone. In some cases, emotions can influence the decisions, reactions and behavior of a person. However, emotions should be eliminated when it comes to arguments and judgments on a specific topic(Pirie, 2015). The Scottish enlightenment philosopher David Hume wrote that passion, d.H. emotions, the reason is why we act, during the reason these actions leads (Pirie, 2015). However, the use of an emotional attraction is an easy way to intimidate or motivate the audience.
In Leonardo DiCaprios speech in the UN General Assembly during the opening of the climate summit in 2014, an illustrative example of the error of emotional attraction could be determined.During the three minutes of the speech, the UN Bede of Peace commits several emotional appeal case aslies. In most cases, DiCaprio uses no proven facts or statistics during this service to confirm the argument.Nations and the general audience.
The first example of emotional attraction could be determined in the first minute of the speech. Told Dicaprio: "We all now know that we are now seeing new and undeniable climate events every week" (United Nations, 2014, 1: 01-1: 14). The reason why this sentence could be viewed as error is that he says that people know better that something is going on. In this way he manipulates the audience and enables his argument not true. If a person claims that he does not know what everyone else knows better, she will look silly.
The second example is through the expression "You can write history or you are defamed by him" (United Nations, 2014, 2: 04-2: 08).To be threatened. Another example of the error of emotional attraction is the quote "The time to answer the greatest challenge of humanind", follows the sentence "We ask you to face courage and honesty" (United Nations, 2014, 2014, 3: 35-3: 44). What concerns the first sentence, humanity faces many challenges, including poverty, famine, wars and pandemics of different diseases.The second sentence is not clear who is "we", but the fact that "they" ask people to combat climate change makes it emotionally emotionally.
Finally, Leonardo DiCaprio's speech about climate change could be characterized as populist and based on the attractiveness of the emotions of the audience. At the same time, this error was used, since it is a simple and effective way to convince the audience and to emphasize the meaning of the topic discussedThe speech seems to be more convincing if it contains evidence based on statistics and facts.