Small business is the most important element of a market economy without which the state cannot develop harmoniously. Consistently determines the rate of economic growth, the structure and quality of the gross national product, so that the role of the small company in society cannot be underestimated.Company strives to become a social and manageable process by creating and spreading value and distribution possibilities (Branham, 2014).Depending on the specialization of a small company, the focus varies on the production. For example, the value for food truck consumers is that sellers create a special menu in order to increase the profits based on an analysis of customer needs.
One of the most important advantages is the mobility with which you can be available almost anytime and anywhere. In contrast to other catering facilities, entrepreneurs do not have to attract visitors. The snack car can come to you.Feeding thousands of residents. Another advantage is that you do not have to pay the rent of the premises. It is sufficient to buy a van or a trailer car.
The main problem is the problem of the non -regulated legal area for the placement of mobile objects in today's urban surroundings.Difficulty is also caused by the product quality tests and working conditions of mobile restaurants according to the laws do not distinguish from the normal.
Entrepreneurs have many different characteristics that they distinguish them from the general population. Entrepreneurs are a category of risk carriers that are susceptible to ambiguities and uncertainties.To become independent and work for yourself contributes to his development, which also focuses on consumers.
The type of entrepreneurship presented in the video is franchise because there is an ECDI organization in which start-up companies receive support from a non-profit organization. The franchisor helps start-up companies with marketing, social media andFood safety (ABC News, 2013). It also comes into contact and finds places where it does work.
Partnerships with other entrepreneurs can be developed for further successful growth of entrepreneurship. A possibility of increasing the number of customers can be a common activity with a bar or restaurant. For exampleSausages with fries fries, useful for a bar that does not serve food, but only drinks.You have a menu, you should also remember the gradual development of the business and do not stop when things are going quickly. Trying entrepreneurs to expand too quickly or early by opening a new office or opening several websites at various geographical locations.Lack of cash and strong trust in external financing many small start-ups kill.