Geographical spread and location
Banana is a popular fruit harvest that grows all over the world and has several health advantages. Bananas are particularly important in several income foods and the least developed nations, where they can help both the nutritional security of household foods as well as in the creation of income as money.The harvest is an important export object for a number of agricultural nations, and it is Africa, Asia and Latin America's largest fruit harvest in terms of production and trade (Mackinnon & Cumber, 2019). Bananas from Central and South America as well as on the Philippines do more than90% of all exports (Mackinnon & Cumbers, 2019). The EU, the USA, China, Russia and Japan are the top importers (Mackinnon & Cumbers, 2019). The worldwide banana production is expected to be 130 million tons per year (Mackinnon& Cumber, 2019). Praise 87 percent of the bananas produced in the world are consumed by farmers or sold in local marketplaces.(Mackinnon & Cumber, 2019). Ostafrica produces and consumes the majority of bananas in Africa.
Spatial distribution
A large growth in the offer in the top export nations Ecuador and on the Philippines as well as a strong increase in import demand, especially from China and the European Union, are important drivers of trade (Mackinnon & Cumber, 2019).The global banana value chain. This networks buy bananas directly from producers and distributors and not through typical fingerto corporation (Mackinnon & Cumbers, 2019). The complicated network of interactions that are involved in the production, distribution and trade of a certain goods can be possibleReal conflicts of interest lead to groups of people who benefit the most from a product. Billy bananas are often passed on to small farmers and plantation employees in the supply chain, which leads to lower salaries and working conditions (Mackinnon & Cumbers, 2019). The time is the main problem in relationOn the spatial distribution that the large-scale banana production can have a negative impact on the environment, the health and safety of employees and local population groups. This is due to the often hard techniques to regulate irrigation and plant diseases.
Sources
Mackinnon, D. & Cumbers, A. (2019). An introduction to Wirtschaftsgeography.new York: Routledge.