Blues-inspired poetry reflects the interaction between literary art and musical tradition, which dates from the early 20th century.Culture of the African Americans can be traced. This people expressed their views and concerns through the music of blues that quickly found a warm reception from the audience. Of course, these aspects found their way into poetry and created a unique style that the thematic elements of bluesCombined with the poetic tradition of literature. Blues -Poesie is similar to blues music in this respect because it does not try to integrate a variety of complex language forms and demanding rhymes., as well as often simplified grammatical and lexical constructions. It is important that these attributes do not imply that blues -poetry is simple or primitive. In the opposite, these works are characterized by an extreme degree of emotional depth, which further with the realistic nature of the storiesis multiplied.
Blues poetry is a common characteristic of the first decades of the 20th century and is closely connected to the names of renowned authors of the time. In particular, tracy (1981) and other researchers the contribution by Langston Hughes and Sterling Brown, who practically defined the genre.Nevertheless, blues poetry is not limited to their literary works because a number of other authors have contributed to the development of this style. Nowadays there are also blues poetry, and the reason is that their topics are immortal.With human struggle, pain, addiction, sexual relationships and death that are the topics that are not exclusively the origins of blues poetry.
After examining different works of the genre, I was particularly impressed by a piece that dates back to the 1920s. James Weldon Johnson (1927) created a poem entitled Go Down, Death.The play thematically with the grief of a person about a lover. The recurring element of the poem is as follows:
"Don't cry, don't cry
She is not dead;
It rests in the breast of Jesus."
Johnson mourns the loss of the death of a woman and tries to comfort himself by searching the divine meaning in the tragedy. He tells a story about how God himself sent death to sister Caroline, who was "tired" and "tired"The woman apparently had her share in the struggle in life, and now Johnson implies that God decides to relieve her of the burden.Interesting and recommended piece of blues poetry that reflects the depth of the genre.
You won't see it coming, no
Nobody will see it coming
It comes unannounced during the day or at night
Everything you can do is simply to sit here very closely
He wants to go to your grandma, yes
He wants to take your neighbor
Don't think you're too cunning
Don't think you're too smart
I saw him once and it was scary
I saw him once, yes, it was scary
He mumbled me like I never did
"What's your name?" I asked
And he said: "Covid"