The calculation of the three circumstances
Retite of the assets (Roa)
Equity return (ROE)
Profit margin
The purpose and the information that is conveyed by every ratio
The three presented and calculated conditions represent important indicators for the generation of profit for a modern commercial organization.To achieve the return of equity is largely similar, but does not take into account the company's debt (Gallo, 2016). The profit margin is one of the most important indicators for financial health, since it attracts and shows a direct comparison between sales and profits,how much the company actually deserves from its business.
ABC Company Review on three conditions
Firstly, the business model of the ABC company can be classified as successful because it is achieved. Optimal returns in relation to equity and assets show that investors can reasonably expect the returns in the financing of the company.Which means that this aspect of the company is treated well.
The company's profitability
Overall, the ABC company remains a profitable company that successfully converts its assets into income. The profit margin is over 50%, which is commendable, although the total turnover is below 1 million US dollars.The ABC company can keep a stable position on the market. However, it cannot be sufficient for the continued growth in the long term.
ABC Company Financial successfully successful
While the financial report of the ABC company can represent positive indicators, it would be unclear to take the company into account in isolation.stands out or in which the improvements are necessary. First of all, the return of the rose assets (2022) is provided, which indicates that the average of the industry has been set to 9.1-9.3% in the past four years.Figures from the ABC company are currently considerably higher with 28.3%, but it is important to note that the absolute cash flows do not meet the managers of the industry.the company continues to grow.
This difference becomes particularly clear when the income levels are compared with the average figures in the industry. What concerns net income, the industry has an average of 4.7 million dollars in 2020.The ABC company is far from this level because the net income is only 77,000 US dollars, which implies that it still has a long growth phase in front of it.While the ABC company has only half a million. With increasing total assets of the company, there is no guarantee that its profit margins and income to invest in investments are equally high. Under these circumstances, the focus is on maintaining the profitability of business activities above the average levelin the entire industry.