China's dinner culture and talic nit they
China is a country that concentrates on courtesy with a deep history in its food culture. In China it is important to observe table manners, since both guests and natives have a precise placement on the table during meals. It is admirable that it is admirableChinese stress during meals takes care of the elders and children in front of others. In a domestic setup, it is the norm to place the main course that consists of grain or rice.Society has a certain religious value. Because China leads to rice cultivation, people believe that it is their source of wealth and that thewe in the court in every dish. Sitting on the head of the table and serve firstGet rice shells with both hands to show respect, regardless of the age of the person who serves, so if it is in China in China, it is advisable to like rice and to steal it religiously during the meal times.
Another clear aspect in Chinese food cultures is the food of eating sticks. I found it interesting that Chines have a unique way to keep the chopsticks after the meal.And easy to eat with chopsticks. It is incredible how people tear meat and fish with chopsticks when I don't know how to keep them. I found out that chopsticks in China have a cultural value where they have a marriageHappy stimuli apply.
Standards and values ​​in "How family works"
The author describes family norms and values ​​from a more ritual perspective. The old communities were based on rituals and ceremonies to demonstrate their socio -cultural and economic importance. Throughout rites are a standard for people who have to go through all phases from childhood to adulthood.Community members observed all the passage rites through ritual ceremonies in which willing participants were involved. Healing to families also celebrate different transition rites. During the native rituals, nowadays, people celebrate and religious traditions to stages such as birthday parties, graduation and religious events such as baptism andTo mark marriage. The oldest ensured that traditional knowledge across generations was passed through stories and the observation of traditional ceremonies. The people had a central relationship that dictated social traditions, behaviors and ceremonial places.
Important phases such as marriage ceremonies were held with the greatest respect. It was a standard for the girls' parents, a dowry who shows the value of the girl and the community.The formation of an independent Union. The same traditions apply in modern society, in which people have a central relationship that dictates their habits over generations.Was a value that all members asked, and during the festivals the people came together with different objects to exchange and publish. The people also celebrate significant seasons through festivals and religious meetings such as Christmas and Thanksgiving in today's communities.
Comparison with the functionality of my family
We have a central relationship between our grandfather by sharing the same name and maintaining the same family traditions. Sitting the oldest during meals and meetings on the table head and above all.Turkey and the green bean casserole during Thanksgiving and chocolate cake to celebrate for birthdays below the age of 10.The community leads family traditions through stories and books that have been written by members of the community. We keep religious values ​​and practices by visiting religious ceremonies, modest and respectful to everyone. Our family also celebrates development stages in accordance with the performance orLife in life. For example, we celebrate birthdays, baptisms and graduates. The people still pay the monetary value before marriage and weddings.