The culpable, but mentally ill (GBMI) judgment can be seen as an extremely controversial phenomenon, which was nevertheless adopted by a considerable number of conditions, regardless of less empirical support and solid criticism. In general, it is a special judgment option that both the psychiatricTreatment as well as conventional criminal sanctions for accused, the crime of which was determined by their madness (Bartol & Bartol, 2020). With other words, in the case of the GBMI judgment, juries and judges formally indicate the mental illness of a perpetrator and find it at the same timebecause of criminal violation.
The GBMI judgment was introduced on the basis of the increased number of crimes committed by accused, which had previously been released due to madness (NGRI). At the same time, the GBMI judgment was presented as an option for a judgeTo define the basis of the guilt and madness of a person.The accused was found to be guilty (Bartol & Bartol, 2020). At the same time, he receives the mental treatment defined by the court.Stabilized is defined (Bartol & Bartol, 2020). This fact is a significant difference to the conditions of the NGRi judgment, which requires the release of insanity defense before psychiatric commitment if it is no longer dangerous for society.
The GBMI judgment remains very controversial, since it presupposes rehabilitation and social sympathy for a perpetrator together with the punishment and control of the system. On the other hand, mentally ill defendants receive the necessary treatment and are punished for their crimes.Members of the community, which are improved for the rest of their sentences, even if their mental health is improved. In the case of the NGRI judgment, the lack of the debt of the accused is justified by their madness.to realize and to recalculate crime.
On the other hand, the GBMI judgment is often criticized for political reasons to introduce a misleading option that has no specific purpose and confused the jury.A certain defendant as a dangerous view, which is guided by prejudices, stereotypes and personal beliefs, and choose the GBMI judgment, which prioritizes the security of the community. In this case, however, the jury also recognize the mental illness and responsibility of a defendant for theCrime complaints, even if a defendant may not be able to recognize this due to madness.
In addition, the GBMI judgment creates inequalities for imprisoned perpetrators. After its conditions, the accused of GBMI receives mental health, and several treatment services are available for them. At the same time, a considerable number of criminals that were found to be guilty are at the time.Health and the occurrence of various mental disorders during the prison. However, sentences do not require the availability of treatment services.