With the correlation between the duration of a vowel and the type of focus or stress.de Jong and ZaWaydeh (2002), the article in question deals with this phonetic problem based on the Arabic language and try to observe a possible effect of the quantity and theTo correct the duration of the vocal duration and describe this influence. The authors relate to the concept of hyperarticulation that is used to describe transformations in language style state by intention to implement stressed material through intensive articulating activity.In the English language, you described what a solid basis for this subsequent examination of the Arabic pattern forms.de Jong and ZaWaydeh (2002) are also based on previous observations, which indicates the ability of a spokesman to create specific phonological contrasts through hyperarticulation in order toTo draw the listener's attention to a certain segment. The article in question is therefore based on a phonetic phenomenon that has been at the center of academic research for some time.
This research aims to investigate the relationship between stress, focus and segmental contrast, which leads to modified vocal times. At the same time recognize de jong and zaWaydeh (2002) the fact that the dynamic properties of the extension of the duration are not universalAuthors refer to a number of earlier studies that confirm this information and explain that hyperarticulation in the last part of a vowel is observed more often. However, most of these earlier research pieces focus on the trends of the English language.de Jong and ZaWaydeh (2002) notify that Arabic has similar stress properties, which makes it a practical option to check the central hypothesis.Have a statement of the language.
The wording of the research question has examined the selection of the methodology used by the authors.de Jong and ZaWaydeh (2002) on the phonological phenomenon based on a colloquial arabic dialect. The study uses the input of four native Ammani-Jordan Arabic between the ages17 and 28. The experiment contained a two -stage design with non -confused elements and lexical focus articles, followed by a segmental focus.tabel 1 of the article describes the target words and reflects the phonetic similarity between them. In particular, the authors observed the phonological transformations basedCommon phonemes in lexical language objects.
The results of the article support the initially advanced hypothesis of the theoretized effect of stress, lexical focus and segmental focus on the duration of the vowel. In addition, the results show an increase in stressed syllable by 20 ms compared to their non -stressed colleagues on average.The focus in this regard is not an observable effect and did not interact with the quantity or with the statement. Secondly, the effect of the amount with an average of 70 ms difference between long and short vowels was even more considerable.
From a perspective, the article contains precise research data based on earlier results. The focus of Arabic is another strength of this study, since the topic incorporates in a new direction. The research course is thoroughly documented that supports the validity of the results, however, which are only applicable for the attitude discussed. The relatively small sample of four participants does not allow generalized conclusions regarding the entire dialect.Language limits.