Eat Lancet recommendations are being developed to integrate healthy eating habits into the practices that minimize the damage to the planeted earth that results from the manufacturing or agricultural approaches of some foods., while people continue to eat delicious and healthy food. In this article, Lance's food recommendations are examined, this diet compared with personal eating habits and discussed whether changes can be made.
My current diet differs from the EAT recommendations provided by Lancet.
Firstly, my diet mainly consists of pre -packed or with me, although I add fruit to my daily food, but I do not spend a lot of vegetables, nuts and legumes, as recommended in the article by EAT.To limit dairy products that I normally also use ("Eat -Lancet Commission letter for everyone"). I am used to having dairy products every day, especially milk and yogurt, and based on the EAT recommendations, and I should use this consumptionLimit smaller portions.
It would be difficult to modify my diet in such a way that you meet the recommendations for the EAT-Lancet, which is mainly due to the fact that I would have to change my eating habits, which means that I have to get used to food and shopping for foodFrom the distinction from what I take every day. This means that many products have to be cooked or prepared. For example, vegetables taste better if they are in a salad, which would require more time for the preparation.Leisure time to devote myself to the preparation of food, which is a challenge for me if I want a balanced and environmentally friendly diet, but I could buy vegetables that are already slides or buy salads and healthier foods from the places that I alreadyOrder or buy what makes it easier to integrate these products into my diet.
One aspect that I can easily change are my shopping habits, because I often tend to buy too many fresh products that I do not eat before they come down, and therefore I have to throw them away. The quantities that wasteOr are lost or lost, significant effects on human health and the sustainability of humans."Therefore, I have to pay more attention in the way I can shop for fresh products to minimize waste.
In addition, this article emphasizes the effects of food on health, in particular due to the increasing cases of obesity in developed states. Parallel to this, many people and children experience an acute hunger every day. This great contrast causes me to change my eating habits andTo ensure that I only buy the food that I can consume to ensure that the environment has no waste and damage. In general, this article has caused me to rethink my eating habits and my approach to food consumption and to carry out small modifications,which will be helpful for my health and the well -being of the environment. In summary, my current diet differs greatly from the recommendations provided by Lancet, and there are several challenges that can be changed with these recommendations.