The situation described in the initial post actually affects socialism as a utopian idea. However, if it is applied to real scenarios, it becomes clear that the reasons for state and economic failures are diverse.“To use (Fox Business, 2019, 0:28). This is not enough to accuse socialism alone in order to explain the crisis in Venezuela and the risks for the United States.
Firstly, Venezuela had an inadequate distribution of prosperity in which the majority of the population was removed from the highest class oil revenue. In other words, it is convenient that the deep capitalist USA is also exposed to the problem of income relief. I have a friend who believes that one believes that oneSteeper wealth tax should be implemented - a message that can often be heard in mass media (FOX Business, 2019, 4:04). So an inadequate distribution of prosperity is not an inherent part of socialism itself.
Secondly, Venezuela depends on the oil industry controlled by the government. In 2006 President Chavez began a policy of nationwide nationalization that led to the destruction of the “production capacity of the country” (The Big Picture, 2018, 4:59). The government triedTo flood the economy with money generated by oil income led to hyperinflation (real vision, 2018, 09:01).Here, too, there is no immediate relationship between socialism and poverty.
Finally, the income of income inevitably creates feelings of jealousy in poorer people. Thomas Sowly explains that promising property tax is the means of a politician to use people's wishes (FOX Business, 2019, 3:56). This also applies to the example ofFirst posts in which the teacher achieved lower grades with a high number of points and thus stood with small performance students. However, my online friend from Sweden notes that they have such a strong control culture that social expenditure is real.Use socialist ideas, provided that people are willing to work and pay taxes.
Overall, it does not make sense in my opinion to point out that the socialism is naturally incorrect. The crisis of Venezuela is based on corruption, overriding overwriting of the oil industry and the income in income.Although it has a diversified economy. As such, socialism does not necessarily lead to ruin - greed and laziness of people.