Electric cars have only recently started to compete with the combustion engine, but they have been actively used by drivers for more than a century. This cars were particularly popular at the turn of the 20th century, but lost their popularity when Fords Moving Montagel line lost availabilityincreased by passenger cars (Simpson 2021). The use of electric vehicles has several advantages, including their environmental friendliness, service costs and their interesting history of the development of exciting technology.
The structure of an electric car is the normal car and can even be considered more secure than the usual models. The main structural elements of an electric vehicle are battery, electric motor, gear, charger, inverter, DC converter and electronic control system.Cup and transmission, which is why they accelerate smoothly and the tendency to rise more easily (Magnusson 2017). In such a car, such a car contains no engine oil and spark plugs, which means that the maintenance costs are reduced. Electro cars do not make much noise, drive quietly and do not generate no noise pollution. The engineAlso does not use energy if the vehicle is inpatient. The transmission of an electric car is quite simple. The vehicle on board can be loaded from the household network.
Climate scientists claim that the electrification of vehicles is one of the best ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. With the help of a large electrical battery, they are fully electrical cars and do not create exhaust gases. In the course of time, electro vehicles become more environmentally friendly despite the more intensive battery manufacturing process.Frequent gas -powered cars are the least climate -friendly option, since long -term costs and emissions cover a broad spectrum. It reduces the risk of death through an accident and the effects of exhaust gases on the lungs of a person. According to the estimates by Dr.Depending on the purity of the electricity supply system, in which the car is calculated, the production emissions of electric vehicles will be compensated for six months.
Electric cars enjoy less popular than gas -powered vehicles due to their higher initial costs. The battery capacity price should also be taken into account, since a car that can take longer will cost more.. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology team has calculated the costs for the full service life of the vehicle (including the purchase price, maintenance, fuel) and found that electric cars cost their owners much cheaper (Penney 2021).And are produced by large brands, in large volumes. The leading provider of such cars worldwide is Norway, which has hired the sale of fuel cars by 2025.New Zealand follows a similar guideline, which deals with the state of the environment. The spread of such research would help reduce the financial costs for the use of cars.
The spread of electric vehicles requires the development of the infrastructure and an increased accessibility. Dive of the fact that electric cars are becoming more and more common on the streets are only a few countries near their widespread use.and improve the environmental situation.