Darwin's theory of evolution of natural selection explains how different organisms have come to be and how others have died out. In the theory, evolution occurred from one generation to another than they inherited physical and behavioral characteristics that made it possible for them to quickly change themselvesTo thrive.H. either strong or weak characteristics. Geological and other environmental changes influenced the survival of the species.Expansion of her generation (28). The theory of evolution was fundamental to the discussion of the unique events and developments in human sciences. The theory itself explains genetics despite the lack of its knowledge at the time of its education.
If you relate the theory with the concept of man, life and science in relation to it, it is clear to determine what it may want to wipe out of the world.How the brain is developed compared to other organisms and why people remain superior to other organisms. This explains why new developments are carried out every century and new scientific studies are identified that give the world a difference.
Scientific questions that support Darwin's theory and human sciences
One of the scientific questions is the origin of life and the extinction of some types.B. Mammuts.es is also tried to find out humanity, or we are probably also extinct. The process of obtaining answers can be understood how evolution has contributed to changes in the lives of different organisms and man and how people in highDive into the existence and development of life. The other scientific questions include:
1. To what extent was the secret of life dissolved through time (how different people tried to study and maintain life).
2. How unique is the human brain and what role plays its role in the human body? (History of the examination of the human brain and how the information obtained was used in the development of the area of ​​psychology and neuroanatomy).
3. How does the brain affect our life? (This explains the variation of brain development in different age groups and under different individuals).
Proof of the existence of a connection between science and society
The videos show how information has increased from one century to the other and have been built on the inventions of important researchers and enthusiasts.Century on the other hand, mainly through scientific development, countries such as Great Britain that have developed science very quickly compared to other countries and have adapted to the rapidly changing environment is an indicator of the connection between science and society.