In the modern world, the role of the nurse changes dramatically: The registered nurse (marginal) is made from a local assistant to the attending doctor to a critical connection in the clinic.Which means that the results of the treatment and recovery depend on the effectiveness of their work. Ins view of the structural changes in the professional role of the nurse, I could not help but be interested in this area.To take the first step into a professional sister.
Nursing has become particularly important in recent years and has become particularly important for the clinical system during the Covid 19 pandemic.Percent of the country's total population, which means that about 100 Americans is a nurse. This data shows how critical this role is for society, since a large number of people from different countries would not choose the profession if it was notThe Rafferty study shows that "nurses can exploit their potential as change agents in building a better future for health care" (Rafferty 475).has tripled, which also reflects a positive trend in this professional role and a rapid removal of Stigma.
In the past there has been a prejudices against nurses in terms of their importance.to do current medical development, since the nurse has long since heard to be too extraordinary to the doctor, but have a role, a theoretical basis and new functions. Opportunities for continuous growth and help from sick people are characteristics of today's RNS that my career choiceAddress. My altruistic nature and my desire to overcome Stigma motivates me to continue my BSN training.
Since my chosen career is feasible, I have to think about the organizational details of professional development. I have to spend at least four years with getting my BSN, which is the standard time frame for a bachelor's degree.want to continue after the BSN.In this case I will need additional time. To be exactly, I will say that four years are the minimum that I want to cover. The costs also depend on the state and university, but the average costs are around $ 40,000(Nj). It is therefore to continue to save savings on an interest rate that will help me to have financial protection. I plan to study carefully every four years and do my homework and tests to know the solidTo get that I need in the future.
In order to emphasize the end result, my central career goal is to acquire a bachelor's degree in nursing.I have no plans to make my degree because I want to drive my knowledge all the time. The professional development requires careful academic work on me, but I also have to save some money.To work on my training to achieve my personal career goal.