introduction
Back to the future is a unique film of his time, which has become a cult film thanks to its gripping plot and the attention to detail. The screenwriter Robert Zemeckis created a film about trips that competed against each other, which later became perfect partner.
Thesis: Robert Zemeckis has created an award -winning film that changed the views on the cause and effect and interactions through action structure, character development and the surrounding area.
Body shutters
* The action structure of back to the future keeps the viewer interested in the film through logical cause-effect relationships.
+ Every moment in the film is connected to the last and the next moment and interweaves it into a uniform structure.
+ The scene begins with a ticking clock, then changes to the theft of the plutonium and a focus on Marty, who is not aware of what was stolen under his bed.
+ Marty ignores the safety of the bell tower, but later it turned out that he was nearby when the tower stopped.
* The character development in history is based on the opposites of Marty and Doc, which turn out to be humans with similar stories.
+ Marty is relatively fast and restless, although Doc is reasonable and susceptible to the over -analysis of the situation: together, their work is coherent and efficient.
+ Marty uses a teenage slang while Doc uses the right language: Your different characters enable you to see the best together and develop as individuals.
* The attitude of the film is new and unusual for the time of his creation, so that the eye of the viewer is attracted to the love of the screenwriter for detail and desire to fill the film with characters from different epochs.
+ The differences in road construction quickly determine the time difference: in the 1950s there were some unpaved roads.
+ The film releases the Clock Tower, which was in operation in the 1950s and was stopped in the 1980s.
Diploma
Back into the future, the viewer shows a new reality in which everything is connected: logical connections, people and places. Zemeckis has created a unique story that surprises the audience with its details, developments and changing epochs.