The Rhythmic Accounting Rap Song Last Debit credit theory of Colin Dodds (N.D.) is an excellent way to remember that the location of Debit is the left side of the account and the location of the loan is also the right. This unusual song also explains thatThe meaning of these two terms. This fun, but an educational source enabled me to remember the material and not to be confused in the concepts.
A link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J71KMXV7SMK
The mnemonics offered by Heather McNellis (2020) also helps to understand and remember the essence of direct debit and loan as well as the contostle.Quite easy to understand that the load contains drawings, expenses, assets and losses that exist from capital, liabilities, income and profit.
A link: https://www.icas.com/studens/learning-blog/test-of-competence/financial-counting-what-de-de-de-de-de- and-credits
I selected these two sources because they make it easy to remind the basics of accounting. They are pretty bright, funny and committed: Due to the song choir, it is impossible to forget where direct debit and loan are located, and Mnemonics helpto remember all of their voters. I think other students will also like them because they are suitable for people with different types of information perception.
How would you define ethics?
Ethics is a number of behavioral norms that are pursued in society or any social group.
What are three factors that could affect good ethical behavior?
The factors that influence ethical behavior are divided into three levels: individual, the personal values, social or organizational norms of organization and opportunities are concerned with situations in which ethical or unethical decisions are required.
A explanation of why the Sarbanes Oxley Act was created
The Sarbanes Oxley Act was created to make managers and bookholders impossible to abuse money.Ethics, since it contains the norms and principles of a company's fair management.
What are the legal liabilities of an accountant?
The accountant is responsible for the maintenance of all financial calculations by the company and the reliability of data and is liable for false information and errors. However, the generally recognized accounting principles claim that the employee is not responsible for false information if they work in good faith.