Early positioning and image problems of Stella Artois on the British market can be used as outstanding examples of the contradiction between the sales price and the advertising campaign.An impression that this product was designed for the mainstream use. Ins view of the fact that other serious brands tend to reduce the alcohol content and increase prices, Stella Artois received a call of low quality compared to them.The conclusion is that it is important to analyze the entry -level market and potential competitors, to examine the expectations of customers and to evaluate whether product differences could trigger the development of unexpected impressions.
The market development model is an excellent guide for the growth of industries that enables the increase in beer sales. Ins view of the characteristics of the audience and the properties of the product can offer relevant insights into the increase in the category volume and brand sales according to the proposed advice.For example, if you become aware of the preferred method of customers of beer consumption, the understanding of the market segment and the provision of the exact product that awaits the target population can contribute.The fact that different social groups start to consume beer can be adapted to its requirements, determine new segments, promote consumption changes and convince market development to get to the next level.
In my view, the complication in the introduction of the brand in Mexico can be connected to the availability of the Water.org campaign. Since this proposal was only available in certain countries in which Mexico was excluded, it can indicate that customers do notIt was interested in maintaining the marketed action.. In view of the fact that enormous amounts of water are used to brow beer, the marketing of water access due to the beer consumption has been apparent, which caused a negative order to the brand.
The introduction of Stella Artois to the South African market included several significant advantages for the company. Ins view of the fact that water access in Cape Town was recently restricted due to the water crisis, which means that customers offer the possibility of getting an additional water supply enormously, increased the possibilityThis is enormous. As the South African beer market grew steadily, this was a perfect opportunity to enter it. However, a significant disadvantage of the centering of the South Africa start on sponsorship from Water.org concerns the use of a high -quality water complication as a marketing instrument.South Africa remained on the first level of market maturity, which means that the introduction of a premium brand contradicted the expectations of customers.
In my view, it would be important to move the focus on additional access to water and try to mitigate the ethical conflict between water access and beer promotion.Presenting the Stella Artois beer is more suitable for the consumption of bar than for a high-priced premium brand. If the audience is better familiar with the product, it would be possible to expand the range of the marketing campaign.