The paper contains a number of forms of expression up to the 19th and early 20th centuries, in which they have taught this in their hearts as the reality of their art. In this sense, expressionism is conveyed by intensive feelings by the works by paintings or sculptures.This time was characterized by the estimate of emotionalism in works of art such as the romantic period, which was characterized by drawings that represented the intimate aspects of man (Arnason & Mansfield, 2012). The spread of secularism in the regions of Germany and Austria.
Several works of art in this chapter help the reader to understand the extent to which art artists would convey emotions. For exampleMunch's the Scream Expressionism when the artist conveys the topic of despair and alienation in society, and violent expressionism was also popular in 1886 due to the representation of the sexuality of women such as nude girls from Lovis Corinth, as shown in Figure 1 (Arnason & Mansfield, 2012, 2012).
Figure 1: Naked girl by Lovis Corinth in 1886
In the early 20th century there was a revolution in art in which young painters took a new turn in art. The painting grouped the creation of the so -called Brucke or the Bridge Association, with which all fermenting elements in art were linked (Arason & Mansfield, 2012). The painter in the association, such as Ludwing Kirchner, articulated other essential foundations of expressionism, such as empathy and the change in the new world. As shown in Figure 2 below, Kirchner Drew Girl Franzi becameModel in the Brucke group was.
Figure 2: Sitting girls from Ludwing Kirchner in 1910
In Germany and Austria, artists began to make sculptures that showed the industrial revolution in the world and the spiritual culture practiced by parishes. For example, Vasily Kandinsky pulled composition VII, which represented the boats in apparently stormy waters and thus in Figure 3shown biblical flood (Arason & Mansfield, 2012). The style began to spread wide and gave religion the chance to be embodied in art. And artists like Gabriele cheerfully began painting that gave an element of modern relationships in the world. As Figure 4, August Micke showed the large zoological garden that shows the transformation from antiquity to modern society (Arnason & Mansfield, 2012). The art reveals the connection of the world by the environment and social segmentationis visible to many parts of the world.
Figure 3: Composition II of Vasily Kandinsky in 1913
Figure 4: Great Zoological Garden from August Macke in 1912
Sculptures translated various elements into the world, mainly during the romantic period. For example, the kneeling woman of Wilhelm Lehmbruck expresses melancholy and loss of women in 1911 when they fight in relationships with men (Arnason & Mansfield, 2012).Sculpture revealed the trauma and the sadness that Lehmbruck had through during the First World War, which finally prompted him to commit suicide.Years of Egon Schiele (Arason & Mansfield, 2012). The art shows an angry man who seems to be harmful, an expression of inhumanity that society had more for people who had no power or knowledge of topics.Chapter 6 understands that the work of art was characterized by transitional values ​​in both Germany and Austria.