As a rule, the concepts of counterfeits and terrorism are not considered to be quite compatible, mainly due to the drastic differences in the end goals of every criminal activity. However, there have been attempts to venture into counterfeits and effectively in massive illegal but enormously lucrativeExpansion of companies. The infamous Italian mafia was particularly notorious for his efforts to conquer the Italian market and to redirect the source of income in order to finance its shameful activities (Beqiraj et al., 2020).It has already established it in Italy, can hardly be restricted, precise instruments must be included in the current measures for the detection of counterfeits and preventing the entry into the European market.
The participation of the Italian mafia in counterfeits was quite prominent. The most important activities related to fake cases in which Mafia was hired, the production of fake products was for sale (Beqiraj et al., 2020). For example, Mafia was in 2017involved in the production of fake olive oil for sale to EU countries (Bacchi, 2017).In the incident, a fairly sufficient influence on the trade between Italy and other European states. The reports to the stated event were "as more expensive" extra virgin "variety, appreciated for its rich taste and health benefits and as suchRetail transactions in New Jersey distributed ((ensured its rich health varieties "(newly classified. Bacchi, 2017).Problem of food falsification are managed so that Italian companies that work in the food industry and export their goods can continue to flourish.
In order to combat the problem, measures to determine the cases of counterfeits and prevent the market must be designed.Mafia has integrated into the economic and political context of Italy, it will take an enormous time. So the introduction of instruments should be assumed as an appropriate temporary measure to recognize cases for falsification and removal of the market (JUNTUNE, 2019)If the concept of falsification no longer appears lucrative for members of organized crime, which is prompted to significantly shrink the number of counterfeits.
By developing and installing devices for better identification of fake products and removing the people circulating on the European market, the Italian government and the adjacent state bodies can counteract the fake efforts of the mafia, even if the mafia itself cannot be managed,Those who have implanted themselves in political and economic structures to take measures against counterfeits, such as that it is currently wrongly robust and apparently unbeaten, can help a number of coordinated actions to address the situation.