Dances with Wolves, directed by Kevin Costner, is based on Michael Blake's book of the same name, which then wrote the script for the film.The American indigenous people infiltrated., who carefully and competently conveyed the image of the indigenous Indians in his project.
The community life of the indigenous Indians was presented precisely enough to have a film that is not based on real events.Not to limit characters to simplified caricatures. The most of the small inaccuracies presented in the film did not affect the understanding of the overall picture.Historian Joseph Roquemore also noticed that the attitude of the Sioux trunk was misinterpreted to emphasize the traditional way of life of the people (Studymoosis 2020)., but also through the prejudices of Costner and his desire to convey a certain picture of the tribe. The director's approach to present the story was responsible for removing the stereotype of an noble wild in the image of an Indian.
Kevin Costner's love for the history of the American indigenous people was obvious long before his direction of dancing with wolves, and at the age of 35 he decided to revive the Western with his project.To renew. Costner did not represent the Indians as a general group of people, but as individuals to humanize them as far as possible. One desire to revive the interest and effects of the peoples that understands the culture and life of the indigenous peoples, brings the American native to the central plan.
The cinematic techniques of dances with wolves play a major role in a hidden influence on the viewer. Semler as a cameraman photographed the film in color and actively used lighting to give the general mood opposite. In the scene in which the main character isPrepared to leave the tribe, the general mood is sad, but the bright light indicates the possibility of a happy future. The main musical topic is an uncomplicated trumpet melody that is quite pretentious and anticipated, even though it is against the background of brighter pieces of music such asThe bass -heavy death of Timmon's or the Buffalo Hunt, which was specially written for the film, fades 2020). In general, the filmic picture had a great influence on the overall impression of the film, which made it so unforgettable and stand out.
On a scale from one to five I would evaluate the film 4 points on the scale of the historical value and 4 points on the scale of the entertainment value. The historical component expanded the understanding of the average person about American indigenous people.Sometimes even to create a certain image of the tribes, I would dare to withdraw the score for the timing, which could spoil the impression for some spectators.