In recent years, the paradigm of medical care has applied a patient -centered approach that has commissioned and anticipated needs and demands clinical interventions. However, such a proactive attitude has not yet become a sample due to several financial and organizational obstacles. Many hospitals regularly claim only limitedTo have resources for the implementation of preventive health care, especially when it comes to financial coverage of preventive interventions.
In this case, the controversy is the fact that the overwhelming amount of EBP research indicates the socio-economic advantages of anticipatory approach for health care. In an article by Jennings and Eng (2020), the authors clearly indicate that “the increasePension cancer screenings in the United States is an effective strategy for reducing health costs ”(p. 245). Another study comes to the conclusion that the personalized preventive approach“ statistically with a reduction in outpatient expenses, the Medicare expenditure in theUse of the emergency room (ED) and non -stored inpatient approvals is associated, accompanied by significant increases in the evaluation and management visits and editions "(Morefeld" (Morefeld "(Morefeld", Tomai, Slanchev & Klemes, 2020, p.Based on this evidence, it is reasonable to ask why the economic systems of health care overlook such an advantageous opportunity.
In my opinion, the answer to this question deals with two main aspects: strong confidence in the autonomy of patients in health decisions and the lack of willingness to invest in telemedicine and digital solutions to prevent preventive health. This reflection was actually inspired by one of my patients whofor type -2 -diabetes. This patient is a 68 -year -old man, so the majority of his medical expenses are covered by the federal medical insurance. He is a heavy smoker and drinks alcohol at least once a week, so thathe has a high risk of hyperglycaemia and other complications of diabetes. The patient is often admitted to the hospital with hyperglycaemia and low blood pressure, which makes him wointed out.Days in the facility resumed. Since it is already obvious that the patient struggles due to a lifestyle that is not compatible with the disease and with blood sugar tips, it is crucial to question the preventive measures of treatment.
One of the potentially successful opportunities to achieve the proper level of prevention is to leave patients more on technology than on the perception of health., because after a medical intervention he tends to feel better and to forget his medical illness. In the course of the act, I have recognized over the years of my nursing experience that people will probably not think about their health if she doesn't mind anything.Those who do this, however, are generally financially capable and address health care without preventive care and recommendations.
For this reason, it is important to give the patient the opportunity to be reminded of their state of health before it is too late and they rush to the hospital.Advantageous possibility of promoting this change. There are indications that a mobile phone system for high-ranking patients with type 2 diabetes contributes positively to the patient's blood sugar and the general well-being (Sun et al., 2019). The procurement of such devices for oneIn the long run, facility and software development provides financial advantages for the administration and the patients, since hospital stay, takeover rates and federal coverage of medicinal bills lead to more frequent and more costly expenses. This is a highest time for supporters of public health, telemedicine rather as a futuristic concept than thanto perceive modern solution.