The organizational structure is an essential idea that the team brings together to successfully manage the goal. Fun structural configurations help people to achieve team goals. Depending on the purposes of the group, it is important to select the corresponding structure. For example, there are variations:A boss, a double authority, a simple hierarchy, a circular network and an all -channel network. This structures differ from nature and it is important to examine the five to determine the most effective structure for the team to achieve its goals.
A boss structure is a situation in which the ladder calculates the responsibility of all people. This structure is classic and many companies use their simplicity and clarity.B. slow communication, delays and individual decisions. The second structure is the double authority in which two people are authorized to carry out the group of people.Leisure time, but the additional level can slow down communication.
Simple hierarchy is another classic structure that suggests a middle manager who tells the boss. In this case, the boss is responsible for communication with other team members by the middle man.More effective than the previous structure of the double authority. Circle Network suggests the flow of information from one team member to another.If no boss and every group member has the same responsibility, but a weak element in the chain can undermine the entire process.
The last structural configuration is the all-channel network, in which the dependency and participation of each team member deals with the process.Responsibility;, however, decisions can cause misunderstandings and additional discussions with other team members. It can also slow down the process due to several opinions.
As a teacher I am part of three teams. The first is the only boss configuration in which I am responsible for the director. The teacher should report to the director, and the absolute authority is in the statutes of the director.Is the simple hierarchy in which I connect my students and the director. The last configuration is an all -channel network in which teachers build communication in order to achieve the educational goal. The most effective structural configuration was the all -channel network.In addition, this configuration enables various opinions and creates several ideas that are divided into a great decision.
Another configuration influences the process considerably. As to be seen, the speed and simplicity of the decision -making process depends on the selected configuration. If, for example, it is necessary to decide on the spot, the one -boss configuration may be a doubtful solution.