Although the monster can be seen as a bad character due to the murder of people, the creature also has good properties. The monster is described as ugly and strong, but at the same time inexperienced.Immediately announced that it was immediately informed that it was the misery ”(Shelley). Domesty of his ugly and terrible appearance was not intended to kill people. The creature can be compared to a baby that is triedto examine the world in which she lives, and her actions are only contractions on the cruelty of the world.A positive feature because it can understand and share people's feelings.
The "Gothic" elements of the novel include supernatural motifs, the architecture from the Middle Ages and the spiritual aspects of human nature. Other "Gothic" elements consist of the striving for knowledge, the monster and the likely moral fall of the people. I may like this genrebecause I like to look at different topics from different perspectives. This novel enables me to look at the actions of Victor Frankenstein and the Monster and to understand their motives and feelings.Use of different symbols such as the monster.
Mary Shelley's husband believed that inappropriate social relationships are the result that people get angry. In addition to making people bad, other representatives of society should reject them and make them feel useless or bad. I agree to this, since the intentions of thePeople in general are based on their experiences with social interactions. If society treats people as if they were misconduct, there is no reason to be good or fit.
I believe that one of the integral issues of novel is loneliness. The Monster aimed at integrating into society; however, people met him with disgust, fear, hatred and the entire spectrum of negative emotions. Because of that, because of the creatureThe feeling of loneliness closed to evil, hut it often tries to isolate people who do not see the world as most people do. This function often leads to feeling, being lost and lonely.