Improper management and decision -making by Enron led to major problems. For this reason, it is particularly necessary to examine the basic principles of corporate management. They emphasize three most important aspects such as planning, organization and control of activities.A valuable part of the functionality of the organization. However, the fact that not all changes and decisions of the company can be made without resistance from employees. Another service indicator is the relationship between the performance of management and the perception and organization of employees.
This aspect plays a unique role for the organization, since good relationships between employees and diversity in the workplace are of crucial importance for the greatest profit. Communication and various obstacles associated with multiculturalism can influence the inability to increase the performance indicators of the employeesmanifest yourself in the impossibility of adequate and correct communication between people, which requires the introduction of special measures to combine the team.Measure implies the introduction of various team building practices and the distribution of work tasks between groups.
Administrative plan recommendations
First of all, it should be emphasized that with the help of the basic principles of management, the company can achieve its most important performance indicators and gains, but also a leading position on the market.impact the decision -making process and lead to an increased performance. Factors that can negatively influence management are the lack of qualifications from specialists, resistance from the employees and the lack of willingness of the company to change better.Principles is organization and phases to avoid negative consequences.
Maintaining and monitoring the application of ethical principles to fundamental aspects of management is also of crucial importance for companies. For a better understanding of this process, it is necessary to take the rational decision model into account.To increase for itself and the company and at the same time minimize the costs (Koechlin, 2020). This way, monitoring can mainly be carried out using surveys or analyzes of important performance indicators for a certain period of time.
Diploma
Management changes that are based on the basic principles of management can have a significant positive impact on organizational success. Implementation can also significantly influence the efficiency of the staff and bring a leading position among competitors. For example, such a principle as a discipline canHard measures such as fines and references or by spreading consciousness for this topic through training with employees are implemented.
Another important principle can be the unity of the command principle, which implies that a single employee should only receive tasks from a boss.However, the pessimistic mood of the people in the company can increase significantly with false implementation, and resistance will increase with false implementation.The fact that management makes it possible to better finish with situations at work and to reduce the harmful consequences of the company.