In the prehistoric and old works of art, the representation of women and men shows a massive imbalance in gender -specific justice that favors men towards women.). The Venus von Willendorf is the first prehistoric art that women presented in art and was discovered in Austria.Responsibility (see jarim). Waring men who hunting were hunted, women were responsible for the collection, care of children and the preservation of racial conformity.
In contrast to the artistic representations of most women, Venus von Willendorf found in Austria celebrates the female body without sexualization.Jarim). This is shown by the properties of Venus; it is soft and round, her breasts are big and her hips are full.
The Kouros statue represents the male gender and shows them as powerful and muscular and fits its dominant roles over the female gender. This artistic work represents society, which is adopted by the boychild in the importance of leadership and dominance in the community (Uçar)The Venus von Willendorf shows the role that women in society on the basis of their characteristics such as large breasts, enlarged hips and rounds, which means that women are responsible for the birth and care of children.has an outstanding knee plate, this suggests that, unlike the male gender in society, women are good at preserving tribal harmony.
In addition, Venus von Willendorf shows that women do not play a functional role in the community, since they are only seen for their bodies and the fertility of the tribes. The Kouros, on the other hand, clearly defines that the male gender in society (society (Uçar). They should also go hunting to take care of the family because it represents the male gender as solid and muscular and thus dominates the female gender.Because of their masculinity, child has been given responsibility for the judgment, but some women have good leadership characteristics.
Apart from the Venus of Willendorf, which women represent as just fertility, the old work also drew women as dependent creatures on their male colleagues. The venus sculpture had no feet that can be understood as dependency (Uçar). The imbalance of gender isto see in Korai and Kouros what the differences in the way shows how the male and the females were treated in ancient Greek culture (Uçar). It can be seen that Kouros was not covered to the ideal muscular bodyto clearly show the male gender.
In contrast, the body of Korai was equipped with loose clothing to hide their curves and generally female characteristics and to protect their innocence.In contrast to the female gender, the men dominated society and were considered a strong owner of the community, and their presence was always valued.