Gender stereotypes and discrimination
Nowadays, gender stereotypes and sexual discrimination lead to people with various topics are confronted with what can lead to negative consequences.Sandberg with this problem by providing current statistics on the male and female employment gap. Overall, the Ted talk is very revealing and offers viewers the opportunity to think about modern difficulties of gender inequality. In this Ted lecture, Sandberg also raises a questionThe changes that are necessary to change the current imbalance of the number of men and women, achieve professional excellence. In my view, this is an essential topic, and I would like to examine the possibilities for combating the address.
One of the most critical reasons for inequality is related to gender differences that have been defined in society. Brown et al. (2022) discuss so -called gender roles, which are "differences in the way men and women should act" (ABS. 9).I am convinced that everyone can be free to choose their lives regardless of their gender, but I know several people who believe that women should spend more time at home with doing housework while men work more and money for themFamily should earn. My question to the class is: How can society change the current views of gender roles in order to promote equality?
Additional activity
A false understanding of the gender differences has led to even more important problems such as gender stereotypes, discrimination and sexual harassment. This phenomena are very common today, and many people are forced to endure these negative events in adolescence. For example, Brown et al. (2022) reported that most teenagers suffer from undesirable touch and various jokes and become victims of sexual harassment and discrimination before ending the high school. I am sure that such circumstances can negatively affect the mental state and future life of people,And society should pay more attention to how gender stereotypes and discrimination influence the individual.