Understaffing is one of the most widespread problems in healthcare in the USA and in many other countries. This is also one of the most burning problems in the health facility under consideration. As a certified nurse assistant, I have the negative effects of the impact on the performance of employees and their general well -beingas well as the patient results recognized. Hospital is exhausted, which leads to medical mistakes and adverse effects on the health of patients or their satisfaction with the services they have received.Expert stress for the system during pandemic (Lasater et al., 2020).to remedy the lower entertainment in the hospital in question.
The first step implies the identification of the restriction (the problem that worsens the quality of the care of care). How above is the lower combat of the most burning restriction, which is an increased number of medical errors, dissatisfaction and low moralityPersonals and inappropriate performance. In the following, patients do not receive high quality care, since nurses often do not have enough time to discuss the problems with patients and families, to properly carry out clinical interventions and to perform their tasks.
Step 2 of Cox et al. (2014) encompasses the identification of the exact possibilities to combat the restriction. Seasonality is one of the properties of the problem, since the primary load in the so -called flu -seasons is recognizable. In this period it is necessary, the number ofIncreasing working hours for nurse assistants who can carry out several tasks, while nurses can concentrate on procedures that do not have skills assistants.Working in the facility, however, it is important to develop detailed guidelines and instructions for the responsibility of employees.Change to effectively implement changes.
Step 3, as from COX et al. (2014), the subordination of all resources and efforts to make the decisions to take into account the restriction should be informed completely about the changes as well as the need for changes as well as their urgency and potential resultsthe corresponding discussions about the new guidelines and instructions should be carried out to ensure that the medical staff is informed about the new tasks and responsibilities. It is possible to create teams with managers and mentors to facilitate the change4 is associated with the evaluation of the system restriction, which can be implemented by carrying out surveys. Patients can complete short surveys, contain the questions at the time, the nurses invest in communication with them, the quality of care with the supply and their generalSatisfaction with the services. Short surveys for employees can also illuminate the workload, burnout and performance of the nurses. Step 5 can be easily implemented in this process, since contracts are signed for the most intensive period so that no inertia can occur.
In summary, it is possible to increase the lower employment by increasing the number of nurse assistants.Proposed model can also be used to solve other problems with which the health facility is confronted.