The first farewell speech to the nation in the history of US history was taken over by the first elected president of the country, George Washington. In autumn 1796 a letter of 32 handwritten pages was published in the Philadelphia Daily Advertiser.Testament was still considered one of the most important documents in American history. Washingon in Washington contained many ideas that have had more than two hundred years directly on the US foreign and national politics as well as the process of the formation of the American nationThe main thing that Washington did was that he refused to consider the presidency to be more than two terms, although he had the right: the change in the US constitution that legalized this rule was only passed in 1947.
When analyzing the farewell speech in Washington, it should be noted that the president not only passed goodbye, but also gave instructions to the entire nation... These forces not only include neighboring states, but also different breeds and religions. Washing tone itself repeatedly refers to God's law and believes that they condemn any discord or disrespect (Sands, 2019). As in the Bible, there is a banthe creation of an idol, so that the president was not bound to a strong player in the political arena.
However, the position of Washington on racist conflicts and divisions is very ambiguous. On the other hand, the president suggests a respectful and peaceful coexistence of all representatives of the breeds to create a single full -fledged company.Farewell (Hayes, 2020) contradicts this does not mean that Washington is hypocritical or has double standards, since it is worth taking into account the context of the time, but there is a point of view in which the racist coexistence does not on the president's valuesis due.
It is also worth noting that Washington has reported potential red flags for the state and published the nation several warnings. What warned that the most serious threat to American democracy is more due to internal disagreement than outside of interference (Sands, 2019)., and expressed hope that America would award him (Sands, 2019). Washingon has set a standard for his moral wear and fear that her self -meaning could become a threat to democracy.
Washington's most extensive warnings concerned the risk of a secession. If one group of the other begins, this can lead to a shaped and more permanent despotism, which explains the perspective that it contradicted Washington's warnings that Donald Trump became president (Sands, 2019).First, such thoughts are common among Trump's opponents, which is argued by the president's enemy attitude towards Mexicans. The rise of the despot is fueled by turbulence and suffering, which will finally cause citizens to get into the form of absolute power for security in the form of absolute powerSearch (Sands, 2019). In Washington, the nation primarily warned the nation of possible mistakes that led to the change or destruction of the state's democratic system.
Due to the above is, Washington is not only a president who was passed by the nation for the first time before the evenings, but also a kind of visionary. He repeatedly reminds the company of the importance and uniqueness of democracy, the essence of which is a better quality of lifeAt the same time, the president warns the citizens of potential mistakes that could lead to radical negative changes, and ultimately shows the modern history that some of the words of Washington were foresight.