Ghalib is an Indo-Persian poet who wrote in the Urdu language and became popular and influential in the Xix century.For this task, "the" godless "lover" of this work is "the" godless "lover". The name of this work refers to the Islamic government, the Ghalib Gottlos.Find creators. In this poem, the meaning of God emphasizes the meaning of God and particularly stresses the initial presence of God. All people are the result of creation that would not have been important if they exist or not, without GodIt is particularly clear to the following lines:
If there was nothing, there was God
If nothing had been, God would have been
My being was my downfall
If I hadn't been, what would it be important?
Various tones come up in the poem: negative and positive, and it can depend on the reader and his current state. Ghalib explains that God was always there for a person, and even if there is no hope and it seems that the worldIf ended, God will be there to help every soul. The tone of the narrator depends on the perception of the reader, his experience and his current state. The author of this paper tends to believe that the tone of the poem is positiveReminded of eternal and unbreakable things to which a person can refer to.
Robert Bly expressed similar thoughts with the help of various words. "We said:" Our perception of "things" as a real thing does not quite fit the idea that they do not really exist. A Muslim faith sees the universe that we know as oneMixture of existing and non -existent ones, such as trees, streets, humans and clouds, are not part of the existence: they are only shadows that are thrown by a really existing sun.The nature and other inevitable objects of human life are shadow. In the proximity of the sun, God remains God and himself nearby, then all other aspects in the lifespan of every soul have a meaning.
The Indian culture is unique and versatile, and after the poem sung has heard, the impression of the work of art becomes more sensible. Any parts of the human soul are more active when you listen to music. Songs have different qualities that hypnotize and relax the listenerThe main impression after watching the videos can be described with words, faith, honesty and truth.
Ghalib is a central figure in Indo-Persian culture when he has transferred the faith over his poems and raises essential questions for a person. The most important elements for one person are hope and the connection to the answers to the initial existence of thingsTo search for and devote himself. Ghalib was an example of a strong person who had never lost hope even after hard moments of his life.People.