argument
Private companies have dominated the United States' freight transport system for a long time. They also control passenger transport systems, but in contrast to freight transport, control is shared with the government. By fees, instruments and taxes, state traffic departments can protect the interests of the public in the passenger transport industry.For this purpose, government departments have no means to directly control or promote the innovations in intermodal freight transport due to the resistance of trackers.Transport should be. This argument can be justified by examining a historical example of how an initiative supported by the government exceeds the freely market -oriented industry.
Why the US government should be a catalyst for innovations in intermodal transport systems
I agree with the author that the government should act as a catalyst for intermodal transport. The government brings enormous advantages in transport and regulates the restrictions provided for by the economy of the free market. This type of economy brings a problem with a lack of interconnectivity and interoperability.This challenge is shown in intermodal roadside transport because different parties use different resources. Intermodal transport systems in the possession of private ownership are different because they lack a centralized control unit that regulates the constructions.Wasted when problems with linking occur, massive losses lead to massive losses. The US government must start and help with the innovation to ensure that uniform standards and compatible systems are used everywhere.
In addition, I agree with the writer that the government has to get in because it can better award information. The intermodal transport includes several stakeholders and components, which requires an intensive flow of information (kine, Bunstet, Tavasszy & Ljungberg, 2022). An institutionAs a government that is able to achieve everyone should have control. In socio-technical systems, evidence that governments exceed privatized institutions. The state plays 13 different roles in the governance of socio-technical systems: observer, mitigator, opportunist, Moderator, senior user, Enabler of Societal Engagement, promoter, moderator, gatekeeper, initiator and Watchdog (Borrás & Edler, 2020).
The US government has intelligence instruments and can observe better than private individuals. It is also respected and in intermodal transport conflicts., Moderation and initiation of intermodal transport projects by far. With access to security officers, no organization can beat the government in the implementation of intermodal transport principles.
justification
The days of the US Department of Defense (DOD) are worldwide in defense technology. This is due to the most financed Ministry of Defense in the world. The declining dominance is due to the public -private partnerships of the department in order to obtain technological resources.Production production of nuclear power, which has the control of the government for inevitable reasons, continues to thrive.Transformative, innovative and responsible leadership in an area filled into conflicts. One of the conditions for the development of intermodal transport is better access to intermodal logistics networks that offer a suitable line and point infrastructure (Przybylska & Dohn, 2019).the government can be reached because private investors try to maximize the profit at the expense of productivity, as is determined in the case of the DOD.