Covid-19 has influenced the world in different ways; the results of the pandemic are not yet clear. One of these areas that, despite the previous colossal progress, still have to be researched intensively, is health care.Relevant because the main flows of resources in healthcare are directed to combat the most important disadvantageous physical consequences of the infection worldwide.From the enormous additional burden that the pandemic brought to it, there is a "increased risk, trauma or stress -related diseases, depression and anxiety" (Cabarkapa et al., 2020, para. 3) for health workers.In addition, the risks for nurses and female workers are statistically greater.
In such a bad situation, health managers have to find new stress coping methods or models for their health facilities and employees. There were various strategies in such a situation around the world, depending on the resources that had health facilities, cultural, socially and historicalThe communities. Any of the more researched strategies are listed and discussed in more detail.to use and combine the available resources of health managers and their facilities.
With regard to self-copier strategies, six main behavior for copies were identified and practiced during the Covid 19 pandemic.(Shechter et al., 2020). At the same time, around 14% of employees have no stress -coping practices.
Despite the existence of self -coping mechanisms, they may not be enough, and psychosocial interventions may be necessary to reduce stress -related problems. One example is the intervention strategy developed in China - the first country to be hit by Coronavirus. The strategy demands "to harmonize the work and rest periods for the health employee at the front, to strengthen their professional health and security conditions and to improve the psychological intervention and advice of crises ”(Zhou et al., 2020, para. 5). To the interventionsbelonged to financial security and secure work environments, while the employees in healthcare were received online and on site psychological and mental health services.
After all, it is important to understand in terms of awareness of the workplace that in many cases it is difficult for people to diagnose depression or other stress -related disorders.Analyzing. At the same time, the effect of stress -related diseases on the health of health willingness can be devastating.Study by an et al. (2020) suggested to organize regular screenings for emergencies in emergencies. Solche practices can help both members of the health professions and the patients who treat them.