One of the most important forms of the American folklore, which laid the basis for musical genres such as gospel, blues and jazz, were the spiritual chants of the African Americans.to work in the old south. Approaches of hundreds of different tribes in Africa brought unmistakable musical traditions that should have a global influence on world culture. Spiritual were generally regarded as religious music, but they wore the people who composed and performed themMuch deeper meaning. Afro Americans were exposed to serious restrictions even in art and music.2017). Music has become a primary path to express inner feelings, grief, grief and a feeling of unity with brothers and sisters in need.to the future.
Frederick Douglas was born in the US state of Maryland in 1818 in a family of slaves. He despised the American slave laws and actively tried to illuminate the terrible events in the country.To support the total emancipation and increase the moral standards of society. They accepted musical creativity as a way to raise spirits, wealthy for a hopeful future and a manifestation of cultural pride.asked the slaves for entertainment. Frederick Douglas documented in his autobiography how mandatory to sing him in childhood and how differently they suppressed from singing from the heart (music for the emancipation of African Americans, 2016-2017). In an endless senseFrom homesickness and grief to the cruel perspective of the planters, the music became an origin of the explanation of the beliefs and transfers of the blacks into the world. By researching Douglas' work and the history of African -American culture, these ideas must be saved in mind in order toto better understand the origins of music and its message to the world.
William Edward Burghardt du Bois was a prominent American historian, sociologist and public personality. He was born into a impoverished family of farmers, but his extraordinary talents helped him to stand out from poverty and become the first black graduate of the Harvard Universitywas the author of numerous books and articles on the history of the peoples of African origin and its struggle against racism, slavery and slave trade. His works include visions for independence and development of prospering traditions of African culture, stories and games about the life ofAfrican -American. In the music he saw the true feelings of his ancestors, but precisely through the prism of Christian religion. A serious analysis of Spirituals began primarily with the works of Du Bois, his last chapter of the souls of the Black People, the Sorde-Songs (music for the emancipation of African Americans, 2016-2017). He considered spirituals as hymns of self-determination and as an expression of the divine religious faith, which God stood up.Religious aspect and its background reveals.
It is important to understand that one of the reasons why people were voluntarily converted to Christianity, which was discovered parallel biblical stories with their real life. The words were biblical, but the effects and meanings in songs were deeply personal.Inner pain, its protests and the urgent feeling for the lack of justice express. The Christian faith for the spiritual support of the slaves, which can be pursued in the works of the writer in relation to African -American culture.Blick angles are perceived that concentrate on religion or the opposite if they only look at a way to disguise the true meaning of the tyrants.Equality.