A house is more than just a place to live; in fact this is just a description of a house. A place is a place where you feel more convenient and look forward to living every day., but built with the context of the family. A person can have any materialistic property on earth, but it would not be very reasonable if he had no one with whom he could exchange it. With other words it is also linguistically bound by the home. The house is more than a physical place. It is a state of mind, and they have a feeling of joy and joy with their family members.
A home is when you understand that it is people who are going crazy in a second and feel good in the same second. At home, it always means someone who experiences what you experience or how difficult life becomes life. If a person is safe enough to provide an honest report about yourself, you know that it is definitely accepted. For me, I can take out a few places where I feel at home.written to the goal of explaining your own concept of the house and a place where a person feels like at home.
For me at home it consists of memories of memorable moments that have contributed to the design and teaching of me. In the following, my house is also humans, and if the house takes on a human figure, it is called a family. I am of the opinion that familyA relative concept is that is determined more by connections than by blood (Hess).I always have a strong basis. I know that I can always return home. In the deed, the spirit is where the household is.
Since the college spend most of your day, I feel comfortable. My classmates that I have known for many years are also at the same school. For example. We communicate a lot and he knows all of my secrets. I know him for years and consider him my best friend. All my professors are familiar with and everyone is adorable for me. They also apply to me and help me with problems I havehave.
In this way I can summarize and express what is at home for me. In this essay, I show my family and the college at home that I study. For me, the feeling of at home is the place where I return at any timeCan, and if not everything, a person can definitely help me. At home is a feeling of calm and security, and for myself I can spend a factor like communication. The house is the place where you have studied something for a long timeAnd have communicated with people who were close to me near me. Feeling at home is an essential feeling for everyone because people have support and faith in themselves and their loved ones.