The Coronavirus pandemic, which broke out all over the world for almost three years, completely changed the way of life of the modern world. Many researchers, journalists and writers report on this topic and talk about different situations that can sometimes lead to shockMeg wrote about one of these cases in the article: "Maricopa County has laid homeless people in response to Covid-19 to clever parking spaces." This analysis aims to examine this material in order to determine which measures were taken incorrectly and what consequencesthis carried with it.
People without constant residence have become a special threat to the spread of pandemic, which is because this group cannot live anywhere and often has close contact with each other, do not follow hygiene rules and have minimal access to medical care.that it is necessary to limit its causes with this problem. With other words, it is necessary to increase social assistance for homeless people and increase the availability of living space and social advantages.External factors cannot contribute significantly to their elimination, so the Covid-19 pandemic and the situation of the homeless people in the United States have become particularly acute.
The incident described in the article examined occurred in the district of Maricopa.19 The state decided to shift and store the warehouse near the warehouse as part of Maricopa County's that was now outdoors.change.
As an example of a victim of homeless resettlements, there was the case of Elisha McKinley, if the woman almost found a place of residence, she was brought into the camp a few months ago., Throw away the ID and household gifts from her daughter (O'Conner Para. 5).
All of these measures were taken to contain the outbreak of the homeless part of the population, but the government managed to keep the situation under control.Society as well as the state authorities with great doubt. This factor became stronger after being known about the death of three people in the fenced parking lot.
Despite the negative guidance of moving homeless people to the parking lot, social services are calling for the zoning permit to change it. This decision should attract a significant number of people without home. However, this initiative was with the first measure to move the campIn this case, companies and homeowners in the neighborhood are dissatisfied with this case. A attitude can slow down the expansion process, since the services have to wait for the consent of the city council.The government of Phoenix took new measures. So, then Phoenix collected money to rent one hundred and fifty hotel rooms for homeless residents, but this is only a small part of the entire infected homeless population.
Therefore, this work carried out an analysis of the article about the not fully fictional actions of the right of Phoenix. The authorities laid in the fight against a new coronavirus infection of homeless to a fenced parking lot in the heat. This campaign led to the death of several people,A wave of the public's dissatisfaction. Since the pandemic is still not defeated, many people lose their work and apply for unemployment benefits. Throughout the service provider and the state government have to develop measures to solve the potential problem. One of the positive trends is to be distributedof the apartment rental.