Homelessness is a great social, economic and above all the problem of health. There are hundreds of thousands of homeless people in the United States.Covid-19 today among them most widespread (Canoso, 2021). The current American health system is difficult to navigate even under the best circumstances. For homeless people, the only medical care for emergency departments is provided in the hospital.Homelessness does not have any insurance, the money that is spent on these people can reach millions of dollars (Jain, 2021). This amount of money does not solve the problem of homelessness. It only offers a temporary solution for people on the streets that suffer. The current healthcare system for homeless people is extremely expensive (Jain, 2021). This is hardly not enough to provide any actual result to take care of these people. This system requires a drastic change in the approach to solving the problem of homelessnessto ensure the security and sustainability of the economy of people.
The complexity of the care of homeless people and the problems they have led into this state requires a strongly coordinated partnership of important health organizations. According to Tsai et al. (2017), homeless people who are equipped with improved residential areas and basic care results to a stable,Healthy state relatively quickly. So the move of the money to provide protection and improve living space would ensure that the budget is spent on the homeless. However, this solution is not to be done in the near future, and until theMajority of the homeless can be accommodated, the rate of homelessness will continue to grow. In this case, the non -availability of protection or living space could convey the mobile streets of medical teams to the needy.To develop. A measure would ensure the efficiency of the expenses of the budget for the provision of health care.
The change that both the homeless and the effective care for the homeless person can deliver and the budget can be relocated, which means that the most spurred money should be aimed at the long -term result. The most problems of the people living on the street cannot be solved in an emergencyIn comparison to non-Homels, fewer homeless appointments and take medication (Canoso, 2021). The complex needs of the behavioral and physical health of these people must be met by the system of corresponding complexity.to them proportionally reduced with the decline in homelessness. Since most of the homeless are no state in order to regularly attend medical facilities in order to achieve the long -term effects of the treatment you need, should still be provided with health care.Homeless would decrease the spread of Covid-19 and other diseases.