With the widespread use of digital technology, E -Mail has gained special importance. With e -mail, communication has become much easier because people were able to literally with colleagues, relatives, relatives and business partners and representatives of organizations in real timeCommunicate to avoid all difficulties of "physical" communication. However, a study is interesting to what extent such communication with the emergence of the phenomenon of the e -mail has been changed.
In the context of interpersonal communication, two effects should be emphasized. E -mail has also sensibly expanded the scope of communication, so that communication is no longer implemented in the real world, but can also be easily continued online. This has changed the perception of interpersonal communicationand the availability of communication is strongly simplified. In the meantime, E -Mail has changed the perception of non -verbal communication through emotions and body language, since such forms of expression of the language in text correspondence, especially business nature, do not make sense (Smith, N.d.). Of courseThere are alternatives in the form of emoji and stickers, but in e -mails such forms are usually rarely used, in contrast to messenger. From these functions, an essential advantage of the e -mail is emphasized, namely the possibility of a practicalThere are disadvantages: dependence on internet equipment, the need for an electronic device and any cyber security concerns at any time.
It is easy to make mistakes in electronic correspondence, since individuals automatically try to extrapolate real communication skills into the digital world.Long, unstructured messages (CNBC, 2018). To avoid these errors in everyday correspondence, it is advisable to learn the rules of electronic etiquette to check their messages before sending, the adequacy of the use of slang and style for certainConversation partner and the reduction of the letter to the minimal size, which maintains meaning.