First and foremost, one should note that the country that I decided to execute the task is France. There are many consulate France in the United States.Contact a special consulate in California in Los Angeles. In this context, a "grief" should arrange a meeting in the office with a specialist two days in advance in order to discuss all the details and points regarding the shipping of human remains and to seal an urn (Shipping of crazy remains, 2019). The Consulate General in France in Los Angeles is one of the most relevant places to ask for help to remove "remains".
Accordingly, I have to provide the family with the following goods in the future. It is also necessary to prepare a package of certain documents. For example, they contain a death certificate of a loved one in the USis a certificate of the lack of foreign attachments and a closed sealing of the urn, a certificate about the lack of infectious diseases of the deceased and a permission to import the remains is also important that the permission of a person for repatriation and a certified FrenchTranslation of the death and cremation certificate is requested. In secondined, this family needs an urn with the ashes of the dead in a special airtight container.
In addition, there are not too complicated requirements for the transport of the urn in France. A person has to apply directly to the French consulate in the USIf Air France-Klm.in is most cases, the tame frames are based on an agreement between funeral companies in America and the target country.
The consulate member I had to communicate with is Julie Duhaut-BedoS, and this would be accompanied by the flight booking service from the help of the consulate. Depending on the distance, it is necessary to book a direct flight or transfer.For the transport of special freight. The urn with the ashes of a loved one was carefully sealed and placed in a special lockable box with thick walls. The transport of the beloved person with the aircraft is only possible in the luggage compartment.