Despite numerous calls to concentrate on customer satisfaction or improving work, countless American management managers are owned by the financial growth of their companies., it can fully set the business. In some companies, the financial resources are clearly lacking in order to fully use the available opportunities for the product market for the product market. Other other things that meet their financial resources.how quickly a company can grow.
In order to understand how quickly a company should grow, a manager must first examine the relationship between "inflation, capital costs, profitability, profitability, growth and the market value of a company's ordinary shares" (Fruhan, 2014, para. 4). The profitability of a companyOut of two factors: the expected return on equity (ROE) and the capital costs.
On the other hand, the company should consider a strategy of quick negative growth if Roe is not expected to cross the capital costs. The inadequate income in combination with the need to achieve little more than the financing inflation industration growth can be devastating for the value of the company(Fruhan, 2014). In this situation, a quick slowdown growth program should think about it if you cannot increase sales.
However, in order to maintain the properly defined growth, a company must meet the inflation expectations and even exceed the inflation rate. For example, if an inflation rate is 10%, the company not only has to maintain its income in order to exceed the inflation rate, but to try to try higher resultsto achieve after the statistics of Dow Jones, the inflation rate rose dramatic every year (Fruhan, 2014). During the government bonds around 11%, the long -term inflation expectations correspond to 10% (Fruhan, 2014). This means that companies quickly meanEnough have to grow to keep the cost of equity for regular shares at 19–20%.
Therefore, a company should grow according to the inflation rate and other indicators. This way, an organization must guard a long -term inflation rate in order to remain lucrative for investors.10% provide what in the end is growth of 19 to 20%. If a company cannot meet the expectations of investors and exceed the inflation rate, it is doomed to fail.If the former exceeds the latter, a company can achieve sufficient growth. If a company does not monitor these two points and grows faster than it can manage, it can harm its financial health.