Silke, A. (ed.). (2019) .Routledge manual of terrorism and the fight against terrorism.routledge.
The book describes the main acts of the group and its basic motifs. In this way, the source contains information on the bank robberies of 1978 and other violent measures that ultimately led to the Srilankische Civil War.To create Sri Lankan Tamils, which the government had previously suppressed.
Thurairajah, T. (2021). Nationalism execute: The United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) and Tamilic diasporic policy Sri Lanka in Switzerland.the Geographical Journal, 188 (1).
The topics of Tamil nationalism are examined in the following source.The group's ideology is obvious because it explains its effects on the rest of the world. It was useful to define the concept of Tamil nationalism in my paper.
Sauerborn, D. (2017). Political violence revised: The liberation tigers of Tamil Eelam.Terrorism revised, 181-198.netz.
This research paper focuses on the leader of LTTE, Velupillai Prabhakaran. In particular, his role is discussed in the establishment and the progress of the terrorist group.Company on other groups is relevant for a detailed investigation by LTTE. I have seen this information about this, while I evaluated the failure of the organization in trying to create an independent state.
Davies, p. E. & True, J. (2017).
While the effect of Srilankic conflicts emphasizes on targeted genders and questions of social inequality, the paper checks the violent and unethical methods of LTTE, including the abduction and blackmail of children.. While I examined the group's terrorist characteristics, I was able to include the associated recruitment and violent methods in order to emphasize their effects.
Fazil, M. M. & Fowsar, M. A. M. (2020). The end of the civil war of Sri Lanka and the fall of the liberation tiger of Tamil Eelam (LTTE): A critical analysis of the factors contributed to the defeat of the Ltte.journal of Politics and Law, 13(4).
The critical analysis provides an insight into the way the organization kept its resources for combating national security, including financial support and weapons sales, and the paper examines possible reasons for the fall of LTTE and the factors that considerablyhad contributed. The perspective on the topics mentioned is relevant for an evaluation of the group's organizational tactics and possible reasons for their insufficiency. Finally, the analysis also supported the problem from the perspective of the terrorist group.
Sarvananthan, M. (2018). "Terrorism" or "Liberation"? On the way to a distinction: a case study of the armed struggle of the liberation -tiger of Tamil Eelam (LTTE). Perspectives on terrorism, 12 (2), 1-18.