The introduction of computer technologies in modern society contains many activities that apparently have no connection to computer technologies themselves, such as:B. the recruitment process. With the rise of the corporate culture and the development of a more competitive market of candidates, a detailed selection process required a simpler solution than manual filtering. After evaluating the possibilities of widespread use of newly developed AI technologies, the personnel managers recently began with the program software,In order to reduce the workload associated with the selection process. The article from Pords examines how the candidates have learned to manipulate the technology in favor of their own interests.
The article begins with an interview with the person who has discovered the consistent patterns in the operation of the software candidate selection system, Shirin Nilizadeh.CVs do not achieve HR managers because they are inexplicably lacking anything. Due to a number of improvements to a collection of random resumes, Nilizadeh defined that the use of certain words that are not necessarily associated with the necessary qualifications, the position of candidates in the resume ranking-Increasing programs. During Nilizadeh's interest with academic purposes, many platforms offer the candidates the opportunity to improve their curriculum vitae with all types of hacks, e.g.B. Inserting relevant keywords in invisible font. It turns out that there are many ways to increase their chances of the interview, from the names of renowned universities to the use of competitors company names and copy of the details of the job description.
In the article, the author also explains that the focus on efficiency can lead to over-dynamic technologies. One of the respondents of the article, Joseph Fuller, suggests that excessive use of artificial intelligence in the recruitment process "a high-tech path to discrimination" (QTD. In pars), filter software up to 75% of applicants based on the curriculum vitae that meets the specific job criteria. The problem is deteriorated by the fact that third parties offer a paid curriculum vitae improvement and the persecution systems for applicants and influence the competitiveness of the labor market by the situationfor applicants is improved by financial resources.
The analysis of the information created from the article emphasizes the impersonal character of the technology. During the use of technology to optimize organizational processes, productivity can benefit, this creates an obstacle for people with inadequate technological skills.The presence of process weaknesses that can be manipulated for malicious or harmful purposes. During the use of technology apparently the objectivity in the decision -making process apparently increases, the potential manipulations can correspond to the results of nepotism, corruption and bribe.
Finally, I chose this article because it shows the weaknesses of technological systems and their improper use in modern society. It was interesting to influence the influence of the nuances between human and mechanical perception when reading the text entered in white color on white colorIf I can acquire the additional perspective from the recruitment process, I can benefit potential mistakes and threats in my future career as an IT professional.