The body's epithelial tissue represent the tissue that lye the surfaces of the skin, digestive organs and breathing organs. They can be found anywhere in the body where a barrier must be formed, where things can get over the created barrier.There are many types of diseases that influence the tissue, and it is important to know that you understand how the disease affects epithelial tissue. At that time we concentrated on Ekzeme as one of the widespread concerns of the epithelial tissue.
Simply expressed, eczema is also an atopic dermatitis, a disease that affects the skin that consists of epithelial tissue1. It makes the skin red and itchy and can initially manifest itself in people.that eczema for many people can turn into a chronic state and can disappear regularly, often dependent on environmental factors.There are several treatments and self-care activities that can help alleviate itching and redness and prevent new flare ups at short notice. Examples of good practices for eczema are avoiding hard soaps, regular moisture of the skin and the use of medical creamsAnd different types of ointments.
If you get to know the symptoms of atopic dermatitis, you can identify the signs early to take preventive and management efforts, so the recommendations of a doctor. During the signs and symptoms of atopic dermatitis, a person can vary from another, typically drySkin, itching of different expansion, especially during the night, the appearance from red to darker, usually on the hands, feet, neck, ankles, wrists as well as in the knees and elbow cones., and due to the scratch, it can often be raw, swollen and highly sensitive to different external factors. After signs of small bumps, you can check the liquid and crust when scratching.
When it comes to the age differentiation of eczema, the beginning of the disease is often at the age of five, with the highest incidence between three and six months taking place, which can take place at any age.Life eczema, while 90% preserved it within the first five years1. However, it is noteworthy that atopic dermatitis can happen in people in different age groups, although the percentage is much lower than for children.
The burden of diseases can vary depending on the severity and the type of management, but pain and itching of the skin can be quite cumbersome and prevent a person affected by eczema does everyday things.People are aware of it and embarrassed what is quite unhappy3. The problem with eczema is that it can significantly reduce the quality of life and health.a problem for the general health of the body.