The human spirit and human awareness provide researchers many challenges, and numerous studies enable them to discover different phenomena, especially in the area of ​​self -confidence.Carry out scientists in order to examine the aspects of working the human mind. The most remarkable experiment in the documentary was the SPIEGEL self-recognition test, and the current studies show that it is strongly influenced by socio-cultural factors.
Despite the fact that the mirror self-recognition test is fairly simple and does not need many resources, it enables researchers to understand the ability of people to understand themselves.To measure to be aware of itself. The experiment takes place according to three main phases that should be followed strictly. In the first stage, the child has to approach a large mirror and look at his reflection for a few minutes. The next movement includes the parent of theChild who places a small brand on the child's cheek near the mouth, where it can be visible. The third stage implies again that the child places the child in front of the mirror and enables them to see the reflectionChild passes the test when it touches the brand, which proves that it is aware and the image of the brand in reflection can be linked to the actual on their body. The film experiment showed that children only at the age of 18 monthsDemonstrate signs of self -recognition.
At the same time, socio-cultural factors, such as the current examinations, also play an important role in the child's ability to pass the self-recognition test of the mirror.. The purpose of the study was to determine whether children who grew up in different social and cultural upbringing had different transition rates for the Spiegel self-recognition test.had to pass the test. In particular, the researchers recruited 57 infants of their age between 18 and 22 months. The infants were part of two different socio -cultural environments, namely the rural vanuatu, a small archipelago in the South Pacific and urban Canada.the researchers used a classic form of the test and put a brand on the front of each participant and then let them look in the mirror.
The results of the study were significant and clearly showed that social and cultural factors had a considerable role in the ability of children to pass the test.With the Vanuatu children, only 7% of the children participating in the experiment passed the test. In the essentials, the results enabled the researchers to understand that the socio -cultural environment predicted the ability of the child to demonstrate self -confidence.that factors such as the motivation of the children to show the brand did not influence the experiment. With other words, self -development was the only factor that influenced the child's ability to successfully pass the test.
The Spiegel self-recognition test, which is proven in the documentary "human consciousness", enables researchers to gain an insight into the self-confidence of man. Experiments show that children who are younger than 18 do not exist.Cebioğlu & Broesch investigations that socio -cultural factors are also of great importance when analyzing the ability of the children to recognize themselves.