According to Kant's philosophy, the distinction between one person and a thing is due to several basic criteria that are largely related to independence and dignity. One thing is only a means of finiteness, ie up to any completion, while humans contain completion in themselves.In its finiteness, humans differ from the infinity of the world, but it is valuable in itself and cannot be used as a means.do, and accordingly the ability to distinguish between good and evil. In contrast to one thing, one person has a moral navigator that is common to everyone.To use what a person differentiates from one thing. A person cannot be used as a means and therefore has no value in contrast to one thing.
The dignity should be perceived as a innate and inalienable characteristic of a person, regardless of social institutions, class and experience. At the same time it is not only an internal concept, since it is something that can be awarded to another, such as:B. respect or favor. This means that the concept of human dignity may not always be strictly intrinsic. Concepts about the transfer or interior area of ​​dignity can have a significant impact on medical practice. A doctor who believes that it would do other peoplePaying you to pay attention to the risk of getting into misunderstandings that distort moral representations. At the same time, a doctor who is committed to the same human dignity and believes that it is intrinsic to respect the patient's autonomyHowever, can create treatment dilemma if the autonomy of patients with the professionalism of the specialist is in conflict.
Due to the uselessness of dignity in medical practice, McLean means that talking about criteria for dignity in bioethics only distracts from the primary immediate goal of the treatment. In her book, it argues that the term dignity appears to be useful and relevant if the dialoguein bioethics a general agreement. If it is impossible to agree, the concept of dignity is written off and useless.Person. There is a construction approach for human perception, in which the personality has to meet the criteria in order to be classified as really human. This is the third application for this concept in which the abuse of this view is really dangerous.
A person can be determined by greater awareness and a cognitive ability that determines the knowledge of their goal on earth and moral criterion. However, new people with intellectual disabilities cannot be the criteria for human.The belief that their inner dignity is worthless. This is a terrible mistake in moral judgment and very dangerous for medical ethics.Personal in the event of an abortion procedure would give the exterior dignity of a person from the field of social experience and the attitude of other people to a person who is most valuable in bioethics and medical practice. The striving for dignity can help a doctorto make really valuable ethical decisions and help other experts to make them.