Neil Foley talks about the role of Mexican Americans in the history of the United States in Mexicans in the manufacture of America. The author gave his view of these events in the first chapter "The Genesis of the Mexican America", in which he was the history of Mexican Americanand presented the silent conflict between the two countries. The central claim of the author is that the American government has created a picture of lazy Mexican immigrants that exceed the border to murder and sell illegal drugs.(Foley 34). The truth, however, was that white settlers from the southern countries were illegal in Texas in the 1830s because they refused to follow the laws of the country (Imery Garcia 12). The discrimination against Mexican immigrants andCitizens were rooted in the war from 1846 to 188 and in the approval of the contract, which included the Texas and Mexican population living in the US territory and their rights were refused.
It was interesting to learn from this chapter the point of view of many people in the United States via Mexico as the land of cruel and uneducated people.from Texas. The war between 1846 and 1848 between the two countries was an unfair, violent act of the US government towards a weaker neighbor who at that time suffered an economic downfall (Foley 24). The new legislation after the warPeople choose to return to Mexico or become US citizens with formally equal rights that were not respected in reality (Gutiérrez 5).to avoid stigmatization. I agree with the final point of the author that this historical event not only created a political border between two neighbors, but also caused the following misunderstandings in the relationships between the two nations.
In summary, it can be said that the first chapter in folys Mexicans in the Making of America talks about the origin of the Mexican Americans.Overall, the annexation of Texas damaged the relationships between them and led to the negative perception of Mexican immigrants and the wish of the Mexican Americans to hide their descent.