The case study offered revolves around the change process within the Norwegian hospital X. The central idea was to go without paper and to change the most innovative options for working with patients, including electronic patient files (EPR) and electronic care plans (ECP)A proposed review was associated with numerous challenges associated with the type of new technology and employee experiences and skills. For exampleComplicated. Nursing assistants were not familiar with paperwork and documents, which was an additional restriction. However, it is possible to admit the positive nature of the outline change and their possibility of promoting positive results.To prove statement.
First, the change can be analyzed with the model of Lewin, which implies three main phases. This is rejected, changed and referring to all processes.And discussions contributed to clarifying existing expectations and fears. In this phase, the top management and health workers created a common vision and agreed to participate in the change process, although there were some factors that were obstacles to successThe advantages of integration of the EPR and ECP were outlined, which contributed to the growing interest and motivation for participation in the process.influence.
Another positive aspect of change was the commitment and willingness of the staff to overcome difficulties. Throughout the integration of new technologies was considered something inevitable, which contributed to creating a positive attitude towards the extent of change.While the work of the unit was examined, the employees remained optimistic about the results and the possibility of achieving the current goals. This means that the organizational culture, the values ​​and philosophy were considered and used to the basis for the basis forTo create and support changes. At the same time, the case shows that project members and workers supported each other in the most critical moments and were willing to do additional work to ensure that the change continues and that it does not affect critical obstacles to the results.
Finally, the role of leadership should also be approved if managers create the basis for changes. Due to the close cooperation with the team members and a clear overview of the goals, it was achieved together with their advantages.You can introduce the necessary corrections or redistribute resources if problems arise. For the case discussed, an effective leadership helped correctly to address the emerging complexity and unity of the staff.was selected by managers to tackle the problem and ensure that the change process is successful. Overall, the case shows that, regardless of several problems that occurred during the process, the change in Norwegian hospitals can be determined as positive.Were motivated to acquire new skills and learn new methods for working with patients and documents.