However, this fact could be surprising, but the survey carried out by the PEW Research Center (2021) shows that from 2015 the number of people who use mobile phones gradually increased.In 2021, this number rose by 2 percent (Pew Research Center, 2021). The growth is not drastic, but it still exists.Mobile phones to assume errors are remnants a long time ago.
Mobile phones are often used in companies as a means of communication between employees. The problem is that many organizations have been transferred to remote work since the beginning of Covid 19 pandemy in 2020.Rather personal smartphones and messengers to communicate with colleagues. From a different perspective, the situation is gradually normalized again, and the displacement of employees to remote work could be seen as a temporary threat to our idea.
In order to make the product more competitive, the technical features have to concentrate. In 2019, American companies have widespread 5G smartphones (Gallagher & Devine, 2019) .5G devices transmit signals 10 -faster compared to 4G., to include this 5G technology in our new cell phone.
In order to check whether it is necessary for our newly developed mobile phones, we should examine potential consumers. The questionnaire contains features of the company's mobile phones and competitors. The respondents must select between the proposed options.
The company aims both organizations and individual consumers. One of the most effective ways to achieve this audience is to employ paid advertising in the media (Silva et al., 2020).To increase MMS website and therefore promote the mobile phone. An example of paid advertising are advertising on websites and in search engine.Adult target groups and business owners are less popular.
One of the components of the business analysis is the determination of the goals of the company. The critical goal of our company is to develop a cell phone with better technical features and a cheaper price in order to be competitive on the market for communication equipment
Another component of the business analysis relates to the determination of the stakeholder of a company. The stakeholders of MM are consumers of the mobile phone, mobile phone operator, MMS employee and the search engine through which the new product is advertised. Other important stakeholders are the partners and providers,produce the components of mobile phones.
First, the company is known for producing devices of high quality. In the fall of the new mobile phone, it is striving to maximize the quality and minimize the price as far as possible. In contrast to other giants in this area, this area like AppleOr Samsung not only increase the price because of its brand. MM target consumers are older than 30 years of age who live in the United States and earn no less than $ 60,000 a year., medium and large company.
The main reason for this is that a consumer may find it better to use a smartphone instead of a mobile phone, which is why the purpose of the advertising campaign is to explain the advantages of mobile phones to the audience and to convince them of using mobile phones at work.