In every company, regardless of the industry, the collected raw data organization, summary and visualization must need to convert the data into useful information. Evans and William (2014) show that statistics with data acquisition, organization, examination, clarification and presentationSupport from the biblical perspective, the statistics include adding up and numbering.Name, every man through her surveys "(King James Bible, 2017). The authors also point out that about six Sigma, statistical understanding is important, as this contributes to this, possible data trends, patterns and changes in a certain timeUnderstand (Evans and Williams, 2014). As an administrator of the health system, this knowledge is of essential importance, since it contributes to understanding how my organization compares their performance compared to its competitors, business units and best benchmarks and at the same time the connection between differentMetrics recognizes.
Descriptive statistics represent how data are displayed numerically and visually and possibly contain diagrams, histograms and frequency distributions in the organization and presentation of information. Database software such as Access and Microsoft Excel facilitates how data can be summarized by any employee (Evans and Williams, 2014). The health administrator is of essential importance, since it is minimized in the minimization of the total time, which is required for inpatient approval, treatment and discharge from the corresponding hospital departmentAdmission to my subordinate quickly to patient information on the exact admission and discharge times. This will significantly help my subordinate to control the seriousness of a patient's health.In tandem with statistical measures, also convey the necessary care and expand your income. After my administration, the employment of statistical measures will be of crucial importance.Effect, enable efficiency in the room process and to facilitate smooth handoffs.
The most important descriptive statistics and formulas are mean, median, mode and variance. With the Greek letter µ, the mean is a summary of the entire data record using a single number as a typical value (Kros and Rosenthal, 2016).the mean is also used to measure the central tendency (Kros and Rosenthal, 2016). The median represents the main value or what is referred to as the 50th percentile (Evans and Williams, 2014). After my administration, the median value is the central valueIf half of the data is below, and the remaining half value is when the data record is arranged.Numbers (Evans and Williams, 2014). When using Excel, the median value with the Excel function median, the data area, can be found.
The most frequently occurring data are that of the mode. As a health administrator, the importance of the mode value lies in the understanding that it consists of a relatively small number that consists of clear data records. In a number of numbers in which the repetition numbers are only a few, the practical value of the mode is also limited. The function mode represents when using Excel.This value cannot be provided with Excel and can only be calculated manually as such.