The life of a person is impossible without communication with other people.Knowing language culture. A public -speaking person should speak beautifully, create the sentences correctly and make contact with the audience. Reading from a sheet is always perceived superficially.Therefore, the speaker has to use both verbal and non -verbal speech.The attention of the audience gain body language due to their high command.
In his public speech, King called for civil and economic rights and an end to racism in the United States.Describe for the black population (rare facts, 2018). In her speech, which is devoted to the Black Lives Matter movement, Garza also speaks about the importance of equality and tolerance towards the black population (Center for Constitutional Rights, 2015).argues that racism and racist prejudices in modern civilized society have no place and asks the audience to fight racism manifestations.
These speeches have certain similarities and differences that are initially expressed in the manner of the speaker.And the need for tolerance, since all people have been created equally.The range and tonality of the voice and the inclusion of breaks into the language.
The king's voice seems to be a lot staged and saturated with intonations. It flows slowly and accelerates and becomes more exciting and passionate. During the king's speech, it is difficult to tear down his eyes and distract himself with something else, since his voiceAnd fully grasp a somewhat companion type of language and do not let go to the end (rare facts, 2018). Garza's performance seems to be calmer, and her intonations are balanced as if she is not trying to convince the audience from her point of view, but ratherOnly facts (Center for Constitutional Rights, 2015). This is the speech of King full of metaphors and lively images and repetitions of the exact sentence, which is also the name of the address itself.Spokesman to prove the thoughts of the audience for a long time.
It can also be added that the place where the speech was given plays an important role in the influence of the audience.contributes because this place is one of the most important for Americans (rare facts, 2018). Garza's speech, on the other hand, cannot boast of a certain location of the statement and is therefore not so remembered because it is only one of many speechesThis platform acts (Center for constitutional rights, 2015).It is therefore also conscious of the audience of the problems raised in the speech and gives more weight to the spokesman's speech.