The years between 1901 and 2000 provide enough evidence of the works of art of the surrealists. The contradicting conditions between dreams and reality are the reasons for the introduction of surrealism.World War II and two made it. Surrealists initiated a philosophical and artistic movement that examined the work of the mind throughout the 20th century.The unconscious and the power of dreams recognized. To show their imagination physically, many surrealists now use or write.Surrealism, the agenda behind the movements of surrealists and how cultures and dreams can be interpreted by works of art.
The agenda with surrealists consisted of promoting the liberation of mental emancipation and artistic expression of expression.To promote by trying to express various intellectual states. Surrealists tried to use the unconscious mindset to reflect on the creative potential.Spirit The power of imagination by imposing taboos. The wish of the surrealists to use the unconscious and their interests in myth and primitivism influenced many subsequent groups of surreal movement and styles that exist today.
The timing of the works of art more surrealistic was efficient because it was related to what happened in the course of the century. Max Ernst (1923) used an unbalanced armaments to show how authority could be overthrown at any time.Government fought against colonization and independence at that time and was therefore exposed to security instability. The persistence of the memory art of Salvador Dali (1931) shows the soft and hard sides of the life. At the time of the publication, Dali showed the need to evaluate time carefullyand to use because things could quickly turn around. Surrealism is important today, as individuals enable things to do things that they have not been able to achieve since it was founded (Omerovic, 2021). The surrealism was a literary, intellectual and artisticMovement that was looking for a revolution against the restrictions of the logical spirit and was influenced by the writings of psychologists.
Finally, surrealism tried to change human experience by a rational view of reality in favor of one that highlighted the meaning of the unconscious and the dreams. Surrealists discovered beauty in the unexpected and uncomfortable, rejected and unconventional way of thinking.Unconscious state of mind in paintings., which blossomed in the 1920s and 1930s and at the same time offered space for improvements. The surrealism aimed to obtain access to the subconscious and convert the beam into art.The most important professions.Surrealism is one of the specializations.