Allergic rhinitis is an intermittent or persistent inflammation of the mucous membrane of the upper respiratory tract, which is characterized by nasal clipping, unloading, itching, sneezing and a combination of several symptoms. In this situation, a 35-year-old patient presented a nose overload, an eyelid demonstration, conjunctiveral.Allergic folds and spangles and inflamed nostrils, which confirms their diagnosis (Seidman et al., 2015). A medical specialist identified some of the symptoms listed.
The hypersensitivity reaction is the first type, since allergic rhinitis is determined by him. The allergen that has entered the body for the first time causes the occurrence of specific antibodies, immunoglobulins that are fixed on the surface of mast cells.already sensitized organism with an irritant, IGE-dependent activation of mast cells (Hoyte & Nelson, 2018) occurs. This process causes the release of histamine, heparin and other inflammatory mediators who are responsible for manifestation of allergic reactions.that the initial intake of the allergen causes the production of IGE by plasma cells.
Three subjective conclusions from this situation are: The patient experiences a constant sneezing, takes into account the complication of infectious diseases and describes the improvement from home in a different climate. A specialist -established objective conclusions: first, the eyelid edema and the allergic glossVenous edema of the lower eyelid is caused. With other words, allergies give the eyes inflammation. Insented inflamed nostrils and an allergic fold on a stable running nose.
First, it is necessary to carry out tests for stimulus sources that are absorbed from the nose according to the method of a dab. Base on the results, pharmacological treatment with antihistamines and corticosteroid nasal sprays and derivatives is prescribed in order to reduce traffic jams and symptoms (Hoyte & Nelson, 2018).on. As people often have a hypersensitivity to animal saliva, this option is very likely used as a hypothesis.
This means that the following approach is required. In addition to pharmacological treatment with intranasal antihistamines and reduction in contact with the cat, if the source of hypersensitivity is confirmed (Seidman et al., 2015). If the proposed treatment is ineffective, it isnecessary to use more complex pharmacological treatment or surgical interventions in the nasal area (Seidman et al., 2015). Antihistamine pharmaceutical classes and deposits are offered as pharmacological treatment.
Fexofenadin is the pharmacologically active metabolite of Terfenadin; it has no calming effect. The antihistamine effect appears after 1 hour and reaches a maximum after 6 hours and lasted 24 hours. After 28 days of administer, no addiction is observed, which a performance is observed in comparisonSimilar drugs of the previous generation is (Klimek et al., 2019) .phenylephrin is shown as part of combined preparations for the treatment of acute respiratory respiratory viral infections, and influenza is used to achieve a moderate vasoconstrictive effect. Reduce the swelling and hyperemia of nasal mucosa through stimulationof α1 -adrenergen receptors (Klimek et al., 2019). In this situation, the misuse of intranasal vasoconstrictor medication that is addicted and can only eliminate symptoms is not recommended.Wear that limit the respiratory system.