Infertility is one of the most common problems these days, and it means that a person has no chance of becoming pregnant for several health problems. Many couples in the United States can be exposed to this problem, and the causes can be from congenital diseases up toPhysical or mentally trauma varying. This body state does not always affect women, but also men can suffer from this problem. The genetics have a strong influence on infertility and can be associated with people of all ages and nationalities.States between the ages of 21 and 52 stated that they were sterile in their lives (Mancuso et al., 2020). I believe that the environment plays an important role in this topic. The people should be more cautious about their health,In order to predict health problems that can lead to the inability to become pregnant or impregnate a partner.
The causes of infertility are diverse and may not be from non-professional. For example, age plays an important role, since older men and women get the chances of infertility.Body occurs in a kind of unveiling, problems with pregnancy can occur. Fatty or anorexia can also indicate infertility, since the human body issues decisive resources for other areas to support life without women being able to get pregnant.Like anomalies of the uterus or ovaries, the main cause of the problem can also become the main cause.
The percentage of male infertility is not high compared to the opposite sex.Can impregnate, suffer from genetic factors that have been transferred over generations. If men check their health states and diagnose infertility at an early stage, you have the opportunity to overcome this problem and protect the ability to reproduce. A low sperm production canalso occur due to psychological factors such as depression or any kind of disorder.
The percentage of women who suffer from infertility is higher and is usually related to diseases that cannot be treated. If women diagnose several health problems that do not allow them to become pregnantTo restore reproduction (Barbieri, 2019). The mentality of a woman is under strong pressure due to sentimentality, which is specific to this gender, and this factor can cause psychological problems that cause infertility.To get pregnant. During the intervention in the late stages of pregnancy, doctors may not restore the functions that enable women to get pregnant again.
Infertility remains the main problem that does not go fully. In some cases it may be impossible to give a person the opportunity to continue to become pregnant or impregnate their partner.and to solve in -vitro fertilization (Repping, 2019). This is where a psychotherapist can help to deal with psychological problems that represent the obstacles to the conception of a child.Or not.