The health system is currently considerable due to the Covid 19 pandemic.I work, this problem is directly related to the existing principles of building up supply chains in the healthcare system that should change. In this situation, John's Kotter steps can become a framework for positive results.
The main advantage of this theory is the holistic approach to make changes. The most important thing is that Kotter's theory includes eight steps based on the formation and communication of a vision of the need for changes (Beauvais & Spahn, 2018).The most useful, since the innovation can be introduced more structurally than at a purely organizational level. In reference to the problem described, this aspect is the most important.
1. The first step is to create a feeling of urgency for changes. Kotter notes that about 75% of the supporters successfully create a feeling of urgency (Beauvais & Spahn, 2018, p. 255).other nurses and information about how the lack of care has a negative impact on the quality of the care and the patient results.
2. A successful implementation of change requires the establishment of a coalition through the practice of an effective leadership. In this topic you have to work with representatives of other health units and organizations to acquire more supporters. At this point it is important to find influential employees,that could make the problem public.
3. In this phase it is necessary to create a vision and a strategy that corresponds to it.In addition, it is necessary to articulate how changes to the supply chains and the focus on planning and forecast can make a significant difference.
4. After that it is important to communicate the vision for which it is necessary to use every opportunity. In terms of the problem, structural changes are required that make the process of introducing changes more difficult.To articulate vision not only among colleagues, but also in the entire medical community. This will help to expand the public relations work of the problem and to acquire supporters.
5. An essential aspect for a guide is also to stimulate the effect and to remove obstacles to the change. In particular, the efforts of nurses and their active work to implement the strategy must be supported and inspired.To identify those who change and try to convince them of the need.
6. For effective implementation, it is also necessary to achieve short -term results, which becomes an indicator of the possibility of a change. In the part of the solution to the problem, even the expansion of public relations work of its existence can be a problem for a problemIt is important that organizations recognize the need for long -term supply planning.
7. After every little success within the strategy, it is important to evaluate the results and adapt the plan. It is important that a guide is considering the options for changes in supply management and how it can be used effectively.
Finally, it is necessary to anchor the change in organizational culture.