The ten interesting events in my community are church constructions, starting radio stations, football competitions of the interfamilium, construction and starting of health institutions as well as ceremonies such as funerals and marriage. The two other important events are the activities of church baptism and the wrestling games between male children between10 and 17 years. The six topics I am not familiar with interfamily football competitions, but I find it the most exciting event.
The competition of interfamilies is the most interesting event in my community. Families that together form a team of seven players. This competition is usually organized by the community leaders with the aim of promoting talents and also creating a better future for young peopleThe competition only includes young people from the age of 18 to 30. A guide explained that this program is only intended for young people who are looking for self -discovery. This competitions take place during the school holidays between December and January.
With regard to this interesting and important event, I had already known a few things. I know that this competition program is sponsored by the Association for Talent Development.Federation of Women together. A thing that I might want to know is how the pandemer's plans and challenges affected the events that they were confronted during the pandemic.
Talent identification and creation of employment make this event interesting because it combats unemployment among young people. In an interview with Mr. Bowers, the chairman of the large community event, Mr. Bowers said that the implementation of the Pandemie guidelines of Covid-19State interrupted the event plans. This Covid-19-Pandemie guidelines included blocking and output blocks and social distancing.Social distance not the full football teams to practice, which reduces the effectiveness of these teams. Incended from the financial challenges, Herr Bowers also mentioned that they have no spacious fields in order to have all players in relation to the social distancing of the COVID-19 policy of theState to accommodate.
According to my own research, I found that Covid -19 had indeed interrupted the event activities and plans. As it looked at the current videos of Mr. Bowers in his office, it was obvious that the field instead of 14 playersCould record eight players. In comparison of the previous and current football training sessions, there was a difference in the public volume. This had a negative impact on the support of talents and employment, since the audience had included the event sponsors who could not take part in the event,to identify the talented people (Dönmez et al. 6). The football game recorded in 2019 was much better than 2020 and 2021. In these two years, players did not have enough space and time to train as a full team, what to doThe poor performance due to inadequate training also led to poor performance.
Based on my analysis, the Covid-19 pandemic influenced the football competition of the interfamilies, the most important and interesting event in my community. This event was interesting since it has been showing amazing football talents among young people and is important because it is an employment for themYoungsters Create. After my observation of the previous and currently recorded videos, the state's Covid 19 guidelines killed the event. The social distance has hindered the entire team from joint training.to identify, while the initial lock has limited the training times (Dönmez et al. 2). The figurative language of Mr. Bowers really showed how painfully the pandemic cost. From my point of view, Mr. Bowers should contact the national government toTo give them permission to carry out the competitions of the interfamilies, regardless of the state's pandemic policy. He should do this because this event created jobs for young people and generated income for the government.