In less than two decades, Amazon changed the way consumers think about online purchases. Before the start of Prime in 2005, the two -day shipping was practically unknown.Two-day shipping of Prime's Mighory's Mighget sales argument.Buy before Amazon sends these articles. The customers are dissatisfied with such conditions. Delach Valle (2019) argues that the first -class service is like a gimmick that gives buyers a false feeling of security until they go to the cash register and a delivery date much latersee this. This solution is again an advantage for the company because it reduces the delivery costs.
In order to understand his motifs, it is important to disappoint Amazon's storage. With the spread of pandemic, consumers use more online purchases.opened, the huge warehouses and fulfillment centers were enough for smaller delivery stations. In 2020, Amazon opened almost 300 new properties in 2020, so that users could shorten the waiting time for an article.
In addition to the quantitative aspect, it is important to take into account the qualitative. Organized chaos: behind the scenes of Amazon's inventory management system, Amazon has created a well-thought-out camp ecosystem that also helps to accelerate delivery.Not placed according to categories, as is common in most systems, but according to the availability of the free space.Such a memory enables rational use of the room in the warehouse.
Consumer reports led to an examination of the storage of Amazon, from which the following conclusions can be drawn. Laut Waddell and Singh (2021), Amazon initially opened the majority of its warehouses in areas with relatively large populations of colored. 69% of the Amazon houses have morePeople with color on a radius of a mileage than the average area in their urban areas. Secondly, 57% of Amazon warehouses are located in areas with a large number of inhabitants with low income. Amazon opens many warehouses in areas where landIt is cheap, which contributes to saving money, opening more sockets and meeting the demand for more consumers. In reference to the financial side of the problem, the company receives significant advantages.
However, several other problems follow from such a strategy for managing warehouse.Dangerous roads for children and other quality of life such as traffic jams and almost constant noise.that occur in many communities, existing problems, from noise to localized air pollution.