"Fences" by the American dramatist August Wilson was published in 1987.This piece is an older Schnitzel Troy, a basketball star in his youth. In terms of balance, it is worth noting that "fences" contains many essential discussion topics that are relevant today. For example, the first scene reveals the tasks and responsibilities of fathers and sonsThere are many interpretations of "fences", including the organized and filmed versions, and it is important to understand both characteristics.
The viewer sees James Earl Jones in the role of a strict father. His son of Lyon tries to find out whether his father loves him what one of the essences of this scene is. It is important to say that each of the three versions, film, game and text isis unique and the viewer perceives him differently. For example, Lyons, the son, asks his father after Troy's affection for him. In the deed, he does not receive a expectant answer.Being. "It is my duty to take care of you" is a strong sentence that shows another variety of fatherly love (Niko Papastefanou, 2011). The extract from the piece shows Troy almost in anger; he is probably with delicate feelingsNot familiar, but he knows how he takes responsibility for his family.
The film "Zeaune" 2016 shows the same scene, but is perceived differently. The dialogue between Troy and Lyons is expanded and enables the characters to understand the characters better.Meaning of money is also collected as an important topic here (H Moga, 2017). It shows her responsibility of Troy to take care of his family.
Overall, the staged version seems to be more effective and moving. The lack of great decorations lets the viewer concentrate on the game of the actors and draw attention to details.The text version is possible to consider Troy to consider Troy as a careless father, but after Troy has seen visualized performances, he is regarded as an interpretation of a strict but responsible man.In the play for acceptance and the ability to adapt to the circumstances.