In order to properly manage the business results, it is important to examine the external environment of the industry in question.based in the first stage, the first phase includes the analysis of industry and the competitive environment and creates a clear picture of the general atmosphere (Hitt et al., 2007). For the 7-eleven company, the competitors are as large convenience stores asWalmart and goal, but because the overall industry grows and achieves considerable sales, it creates a positive atmosphere for further development.
Another factor to be taken into account is the attractiveness of the industry, since it must have a high potential for the company to achieve above-average returns. In the current age, the convenience store segment is considered exceptionally advantageous for securing due to the increasing demand for large-scale product sales transactionsAbove average returns (Graves, 2017). The demand for the diversity of decisions and the improved financial position of American citizens indicate that the structural features of the industry are favorable.
According to this, 7-elves would have to select a strategy that would ensure the provision of above-average returns. A promising approach could be the implementation of the chain storage method, in which several branches are determined in different countries.Hitt et al., 2007). The first criterion is the possession of the products and resources that are necessary for the introduction of an international branch, since the costs for maintaining a new location in another country can be demanding (Graves, 2017)In addition, the managers have to explain the economic environment of the chosen state, which means that it is important to exchange ideas with international trade and branch management.
In order to implement the selected approach, it must finally be determined which measures are carried out in order to achieve the above-average returns. For 7-eleven, it would be an advantage to use the strengths of the company in this endeavor, namely the existence of other international branches and theSuccessful history of the operations in the USA (LEE, 2021). As a result of the support on the knowledge and the integration of global expansion into the goals of the organization, 7-eleven could use the formulated strategy perfectly and achieve above-average returns.