Iran is a theocratic republic in the Middle East (ME) and one of the most controversial states in the region. A diverse population includes many ethnic groups such as Persian, Azerbaijani, Gilaki and others, an essential factor that develops highly split society with thecontributes to various interests and political aspirations.Iran, analyze the foreign policy of the state and their support for the specific terrorist groups that influence both the ME and the whole world.
Due to the special features of the theocratic regime, the tendency to terrorism can be explained by two pillars of Islamic teaching in Iran, which underlines the constitution., N.d.). Second, the mission to spread the Muslim faith, which is expressed in the support of the proxy organizations (Spindlove & Simonsen, 2018). Like the founding of the Islamic Republic of Iran in 1979 as a result of the Iranian Revolution, the Sculpetism became the Sculular regimeFrom Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi to the secular regime of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Islamic principles in the regime played a still decisive lead function under the religious leader Ayatollah Khomeini.
Apart from the Islamic motifs mentioned above, the critical effects on Iranian foreign policy in the actions of anti-US and anti-Israel and represent a threat to their citizens. In Bush's speech in 2002, he called Iran an "axis of evil“And accused the condition of hostility. In 1989, after Khomeini's reputation, Rushdie, the British author, the relationships between the western powers and Iran were not favorable.The main sponsor of terrorism and indicates the impossibility of creating normal relationships between the states until the changes in Iranian behavior.complicated.
The specific examples of the participation of Iran in the sponsorship of international terrorism can be observed in the ME and West region. The Iran supported the Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic jihad (PIJ) in weapons, training and resources during theThe main benefit of the support of Iranian terror was Lebanese Hezbollah (Spindlove & Simonsen, 2018). The attack on the Khobar tower in Saudi Arabia, the violation of Arabic-Israeli weapon bodies and the interference of almost every state of the region are clear examples for theState -sponsored terrorism in the Middle East, which contributes to the continuous turbulence in the region. The Qods Force is another prominent player who provides military support in restless regions, including espionage and assassination attempt. The terrorism outside the region has a connection with IranSeptember 11, since it was the original source of the Commission report (Spindlove & Simonsen, 2018).
Finally, the participation of Iran in international terrorism is undeniable and can be explained by different factors, whereby the Islamic regime of the government is particularly attentive. The actions of the state in the Middle East and outside the region led to countless wars, revolutions and deaths, whichDestabilization of the world order.