This paper is devoted to the investigation of the evaluating forecast.which is identified by an independent, anonymous survey among experts in several rounds, in which the results of the previous round are reported to the experts of the experts. Resources such as the book forecast: Principles and Practice of Hyndman and Athanasopoulos as well as Sniezek's article "A comparison of techniques for assessing groups with common information ”is used to support the data presented.
What is a judgment forecast
In cases of the extreme complexity of the problem, its novelty, the inadequacy of the available information or the impossibility of the mathematical formalization of the solution process, you have to contact competent experts.The latter using formal methods are referred to as the method of the judgment forecast. Hyndman and Athanasopoulos (2018) claim that this method includes a number of logical procedures that aim to obtain the data required for the preparation and selection of rational decisions.Theoretical aspect, the legitimacy of the use of assessment predictions is confirmed, since methodologically correct expert judgments meet two criteria for the reliability of new knowledge: accuracy and reproducibility of the result. On the basis of their experiences and reviews, experts create a valuable prognosis.
The assessment forecast helps to formal the procedures for collecting, summarizing and analyzing expert opinions in order to convert it into the most convenient form for a well -founded decision. This forecast method is continuously developed and improved.Mathematical and statistical methods minimize the risk of a wrong decision.
Where is the most effective use of the assessment forecast?
According to Hyndman and Athanasopoulos (2018), a judgment forecast is used in certain cases if an object or a phenomenon cannot be described mathematically. It is used in second if there is no reliable, exact and statistical information about the object,that enables the use of objective methods, if there are no means for mathematical processing. Example if there is no computer equipment, software or qualified staff. Proving it is a suitable method for an emergency situation if a quick decision is required.So there are four main cases in which the judgment forecast is used.
Examples of how the assessment forecast is most effective
An example of the most effective use of judgment predictions can be the case with central banks. Hyndman and Athanasopoulos (2018) find that they contain judgment in the prediction of the current business level, a procedure referred to as nowcasting, since GDP data are only available quarterlyIn addition, this type of forecast model is particularly useful in such areas as research and development. Focus groups and expert groups can provide information that no computer model can provide.companies can assess their direction in the development of specific product features.
Advantages and disadvantages of the judgment forecast
Like any other phenomenon, the judgment forecast has both advantages and disadvantages.
Advantages
The undoubtedly advantage of the assessment forecast is that it is applicable universally and for various forecast objects. From this, it is relatively simple from a methodological point of view and does not provide high demands on the quality of the initial basic information.The scope of statistical forecast methods is limited to short and medium-term forecasts. In the opposite, the assessment forecast will make it possible to make long-term forecasts.
Disadvantages