The definition of a historical context of youth criminal studies can provide valuable information about the progress of society in relation to youth crime in such aspects as parental responsibility. The comparison of the actions that were recognized as youthful crime in antiquity and modern society can determine,Whether current politics effectively prevent young people from behaving. In this essay, this essay will compare how youth crime in ancient Greece has been perceived with the way in which modern society approaches youthful criminals.
First, the search for the historical origins of the youth crime concept could quickly become confusing, since such a concept historically only occurred at the beginning of the modern era. During ancient times there are no significant data on the misconduct of young people, some available sources indicate thatIncorrect behavior was encouraged in young men (Bates & Swan, 2021).
The exposure of youth for violent behaviors and stories at a young age contributed to the unruly behavior of youth in ancient Greece. According to Regoli et al. (2020), many stories from ancient Greek culture concentrate on complicated parenting relationships with their children whothe end of the children. The author suggested that youth crime in relationships with the parents were related. During other sources, other sources indicate that according to Bates and Swan (2021), the problem ofYouth crime did not occur at this point due to close family connections. Since the correct punishment in families were common at this point, the state did not have to define specific penalties for the misconduct of young people.The youth in ancient Greece banned to beat their parents, for example in cases where a young man had committed misconduct, primarily responsible for his parents, and they decided the punishment measures that mainly had physical punishment.
The research of the historical context of youth crime in antiquity defines a significant difference in the commitment of parents in modern society. In ancient Greece, the state promoted the responsibility of the parents for the misconduct of the child, and the parents were able to choose the punitive measures themselvesThe commitment of parents in youth crime in modern society are limited.
In view of the punishment measures, the normal physical punishment in antiquity proved to be ineffective in the long term. According to Finkelhor et al. (2019), physical punishment can lead to poor development results such as psychological health problems and subsequent aggression.The children, which was exposed to physical punishment, considerably back (Finkelhor et al., 2019). In modern times, frequent punishments for young criminals are treatments and advice, fines or prescribed non -profit working hours. In cases in which a young man oneHas committed misconduct, he is responsible for the authorities and is assessed depending on the severity of his actions. Finally, the punishment measures for youth crime in modern society will never include physical methods.
Finally, this essay examined the historical context of youth crime and compared how the state approached in the old and modern times.their parents. The state had taken account of the misconduct of the children, the parents were also those who decided on the punishment measures and often fall back on physical punishment. In modern times, the state prohibits physical punishment due to their ineffectiveness and limitedThe commitment of parents in youth crime and criminals are assessed based on the severity of their actions.