English is the simplest form of communication between people from different parts of the world. It remains an undeniable fact that most people continue to speak with an accent after many years of learning the language. This fact creates a great wave of discrimination, in particularNative speakers. The truth is that even they start twisting their language in order to achieve a certain uniqueness and dissimilarity, especially in the creative area. The accent that is so difficult to remove another language is that ourOwel get used to filtering out frequencies from childhood that are not needed to understand native speakers. It is important to see that speaking with an accent is normal that this is no reason to discriminate against a person.is an excellent opportunity to help you improve your language.
The politics of multiculturalism, which is the parallel coexistence of different cultures, borders on the social movement "The English Only Movement". Latter is active to actively establish uniform norms of American literary language for white and african Americans (Park Hong). Different political and socio -economic measures, who are supposed to free the country of racist prejudices, have not yet been successfully crowned. In modern sociolinguistics, language is given a special place as a social practice, which produces power relationships between representatives of different breeds and class groups.
The feeling of its extraterrestriality, "differentness" in a largely separate American society leads to tensions between immigrants and the indigenous population.Americans separates.. Immigrants from Russia, Latin America and the Middle East constantly discriminates.perceived.
Linguistic appropriation as one of the forms of cultural appropriation is perceived as a continuation of the privilege of the white population. White America does not correctly refer to primary sources, ignores the historical context and immortalized stereotypes through immigrants.Criticism of the public and the basis for linguistic discrimination (KIM 7). This language is not associated with a marker of ethnicity and a means of self -determination of your speakers, but with your level of education and intellectual skills.
Nevertheless, it can be seen that discrimination begins to improve, especially thanks to creativity. Many musical artists are most common in the United States as migrants (Ingham).Only the profanity. This experience shows blurry boundaries, and there is a smoothing of corners about a conversation with an accent. It is not important that they are from South Asia or the Middle East, Africa or Russia, which will not be an obstacle to dialogue.
The asymmetrical relationship between Americans and immigrants is reflected directly in linguistic phenomena. With all level of English skills, they can be understood and heard not only in the USA, but also in the whole world.Leaving writing in social networks in a language that is not native to them. It is a critical awareness that leads to language freedom in the United States.