There are many different scientific approaches for language studies. One of this is the prescribed method. This principle can generally be described as a number of rules that prescribe speaking or writing.One of the interpretations of a language chooses as standard and extends it to the entire society. This variation is most common in formal language and literature. An alternative perspective is a descriptive approach that is not based on standards, but on the actual situation.This method only describes the facts of language (Crystal, 1987). They act as an observer, not restricted by the official framework.
Although these methods are important, each of them can be used in the corresponding context.However, there are together and combine the positive aspects of each other. During the prescriptive approach, it enables the design of society to arrange, the descriptive approach enables the recording of real voice changes (Crystal, 1987). This in turn enables the combination of logic and the natural order of theThings.
However, not all voice changes are received positively due to misunderstandings. The clearest example is the conviction that changes mean a deterioration, since the old generation is constantly complaining (Crystal, 1987).Connected the effects of the media, and the author selects sufficient counter -arguments for all these fears. The oldest are always annoyed about changes, as evidenced by historical correspondence.
Nevertheless, such cases are extremely rare, so I agree to these comments. As Crystal (1987) emphasized, it is common for the older generation not to like the modern world, as the literature shows. The influence of the media and the quality of educationare not always associated with direct voice changes. So my support for this position is based on the fact that people are normally afraid of changes. The most people need the consistency of developed habits and methods in life. However, language change is a natural process that is notOfficial structures are subject and is formed together with society and its most advanced members.