After the terrorist attack on September 11 orchestrated by Al Qaeda, the America's world changed forever. Susceptible changes included a new era and a new term called Homeland Security.Pot of the lengthy striving for the Al -Qaida leader Osama Bin Laden andThe security threat to America's home country continues its ultimate murder by the Navy Seal team. As shown from more than 50 terrorist connections, some, while others are successful, always have to remain vigilant and continue to protect the country (Oliver et al., 2015)The main strategies for the reaction to terrorist attacks and natural disasters are anchored in local responders.
First, the Homeland Security Act ordered each level of a government agency to NIMS after the attack of September 11th to react to any kind and size of the emergency.. In the framework of the efforts to strengthen the home protection protection, NIMS has a crucial component that is referred to as Incident Command System (ICS) in order to tackle all disaster -related problems (Oliver et al., 2015).To accelerate the emergency agreements that include various answers to many affected institutions by acting as a common, scalable and adjustable system that is used by the parties involved.Homeland protection strengthened.
Second, NIMs can fit into the home protection authority by offering a comprehensive, national tactic for case management that are relevant across functional disciplines and every level of jurisdiction.Effects, regardless of complexity, location or size (Oliver et al., 2015).
Thirdly, NIMS offers a reliable framework and a reliable method to work together management at all levels (local, state and federal) to prevent the effects of incidents, to prepare and relieve the regular use of NIMSexpressly the basis for effective and efficient reactions from the fire reaction of the lonely agency to a multi -jurisdictional natural disaster or a reaction of the bomb attack. For exampleAnd expectations of personnel and equipment easy (Oliver et al., 2015). Nims offers a cohesion in the willingness and reaction, which enables various government agencies to integrate or create a seamless command during emergency.
In summary, it can be said that the America's homeland protection remains an important priority after the fatal terrorist attack of 9/11 in 2001.The NIMS structure plays an important role in strengthening this security goal in the country. The basic premise of NIMS When performing his mandate, all incidents begin and stop.From. It only offers the required framework to combine the capacity of responders, non -governmental organizations and the private sector in order to work coherently.For emergency and management reaction, state jurisdiction and private sectors in a coordinated, seamless and coherent framework for the internal reaction and management of internal incidents.