The attitude of the healthcare system typically contains a variety of factors that cause nurses considerably.Support and ensure that you receive emotional support has necessary the development of coping mechanisms that form stress to a certain extent.To be consumed is one of these answers.
At first glance, the optimism learned may be an artificial attempt to avoid confrontation with real concerns. In the case of further inspection, especially after examining the challenges with which nurses have to be regularly confronted at the workplace, one must recognize the need for a tool, withcan keep their resilience (Chang & Daly, 2015). In this regard, optimism learned as a means of maintaining serenity and keeping positive views in the environments that contain a high degree of stress and pressure, for maintainingof the intellectual and emotional well -being of crucial importance.
As a coping mechanism for the treatment of stress levels at work, the learned optimism enables a nurse to avoid a number of complications associated with mental health.Developed in the workplace. The Burnout's job currently constitutes a major threat to nurses due to the continuous increase in the number of patients and the extent of the workload.the probability of a burnout (Kahlert & Brand, 2017).
After all, one must mention the positive effects that have learned to emotionally well -being, at the ground of emotional exhaustion, the work in the healthcare system implies the use of devastation that can lead to emotional deafness (Chang & Daly, 2015).Nurses are particularly dangerous, since the emotional reaction and empathy of the needs of the patients are one of the facets of the performance of a nurse and thus one of the most important requirements that have to meet. With the increase in the level of the level of a burnout at the workplace, a nurse is probably not the one describedRequirement fulfills, which can lead to a decline in the quality of health services and the resulting decline in the effectiveness of the treatment to a patient.To insert needs for a better relationship with them.
The learned optimism has an enormous impact on the well -being of nurses, mainly due to the effects they have on the ability of the nurses, considerable stress, as well as the increased influence of negative factors that increase the risk of burnout at work.In addition, the constant exposure to the strain on other people and the need to observe them before adequate treatment is emotionally exhausting and often devastating. Throughout the strategies that make it possible to manage their mental health more effectively, especially those that with meditationConnections, to a large extent to the mental and emotional well -being of the nurses. This learning of optimism as a coping strategy that enables nurses to keep their mood high helps to avoid the concerns described, it should be recognized for the advantages they should be recognizedOffers nurses.