The sentence that caught me the most from the video comes from Isaiah and explained that Samuel taught him that a person can play T-Ball and meet it hard when she sits down. This is a powerful statement that isSigns that people can be biased despite good intentions. Samuel family did not recognize the fights that disabled people go through before birth (Pinehurstpictures, 2010). The picture of the child who hit the T-Ball also showed a severe problem thatDisabled people similar to other people should be treated and the same ways are given to give them the chance to work optimally.
I was fascinated to see how children like Nathanial Orellana learned in a normal classroom, their mother decided that they were actively looking for school to ensure that he received the best care in view of his autism (pinehurstpictures, 2010).Variety of additional challenges that attract disabled children to offer them advantages that would help them compete with their colleagues in society. The video shows that municipalities and the government should provide the parents a variety of schools,To determine the best for your child's disability.
Children with disabilities require a special care, but should be allowed to interact with others if their illness did not deteriorate due to these connections. Engagement is a crucial instrument for the development of children because they are attentive and active and, due to the increasing enthusiasmhave to spread. Nathania raises his hand to answer a question because every student is busy in the classroom. Without enthusiasm to answer the question, the interest and the desire to learn shows characteristics that are associated with high performance.
The video is helpful because there is a look at life that passes through people with disabilities. Many of these parents have problems with education because they want their children to receive the best training and at the same time avoid the pitfalls with which other childrenare not confronted .emily, a lawyer for mental health, has schizophrenia and realize that people without illness cannot fully understand their emergency (pinehurstpictures, 2010)., and should work hard to help them work optimally in society. Jones also shows an important group of society. He claims that individuals should not expect children to develop good social skills if they are in one eight hoursClassrooms remain without adequate interaction (Pinehurstpictures, 2010). It can be crucially recognized that the recording would work well if children would often interact despite their differences.