Customer loyalty is a positive perception of the company and its products. The leader is the structural model that implies the different customer operations in the sales process of the products of a company (GERAMI & VAHID YAZDANIAN, 2018).Customers, customers and lawyers (GERAMI & VAHID YAZDANIAN, 2018). The loyalty manager is an efficient instrument to build long -term relationships with customers. Different companies apply various marketing strategies to move customers from one conductor level to another.
A loyal customer mainly buys goods and services of just one brand and does not pay attention to the offers of its competitors. In the long run, such a customer is the most important driving force of the business to build a positive image of the company and to build it free of charge in its inner circleApply that the creation of a loyal customer base and the assessment of customer loyalty has a top priority for a company that intends to stay on the market for a long time.
In today's e-business, the leader of the loyalty is extremely important to attract customers online.and Annmarie.Beide retailers offer customers online opportunities and loyalty programs. In view of their activities from the point of view of customer loyalty, the brands of the brands are aimed at various ladder levels. The first online brand Pacifica offers a digital gift card (digital gift card, n.d.)Gift card of over $ 50 is an advantage for customers, since over $ 75 (digital gift card, N.Somit attracts the card new customers and benefits the current customers.is relevant.
The marketing strategy used by the brand aims at the recurring purchase of the customers. The program deals with the levels of the prospect and the customers from the perspective of the loyalty manager.The brand that can be found online is the strategy in terms of long -term loyalty. The customer is not directly involved in the brand.is successful.
The second example of the analysis is Annmarie Cosmetics. The company has created the Wild & Beautiful Collective Loyalty program to bring the customer from the customer level to the supporters (join the Wild & Beautiful Collective, n.).Community created by regular customers enables the company to develop its brand by providing discounts and point programs. The constant contact with other customers and creators of the brand enables higher commitment.Competitors minimized. This approach is of great importance for e-commerce and improves loyalty. The program is advantageous for both the brand as well as for customers due to paid subscriptions and various authorizations. However, the strategy of Annmarie fails at the level of attractionNew customer.
Therefore, both brands offer loyalty programs based on their current needs. They succeed on one level while they have failed to another. It would be the perfect strategy for both retailers.Opportunities are relevant. Annmarie's approach is more efficient from a long -term perspective. The Pacifica is advantageous for the expansion of the customer base.