Mary Breckinridge was a strong person who, despite all her suffering and terrible losses, devoted her life to the help of people and prevented others from experiencing the disasters she had met. During her life, she had an enormous influence on the development ofNursing and medical research are the reasons why I want to write about Mary Breckinridge and her successes.
Mary Breckinridge was born on February 17, 1881 in Memphis, Tennessee, but grew up in many places, including Kentucky, New York, and even St. Petersburg, as her father was a member of the congress and the US Minister in Russia (Breckinridge, 2021) .1904, after her first husband died, she decided to become a nurse (Breckinridge, 2021) .Mary was still trying to create a family afterwards, and after ten years of nursing she retired and brought a sonand a daughter of her second husband (Breckinridge, 2021) to the world, but the tragedies continued to follow Mary, and her children died shortly after birth (Breckinridge, 2021). After the disasters, she left her husband and volunteered as a nurse inThe First World War and finally decided to devote her life to life life (Breckinridge, 2021). After the war, Mary worked mainly in Kentucky and continued her training at the Teachers College of Columbia University in New York City (Breckinridge, 2021).You to England to study at the British Hospital for mothers and babies to become a qualified midwife (Breckinridge, 2021).Also the child mortality in the service area significantly reduced (Brewer, 2018).
During her life, Mary contributed significantly to nursing and helped many people. Asked by the FNC, which is still active in the southeast of Kentucky, she was recognized as the first to present the United States nurse midwifery (Brewer, 2018).It is worth noting that Mary's effects on midwifery work and nursing training have also been continued after their death. People from all over the world come to the FNC School of Midwifery and Family Nursing to study their model for providing health and social services for rural services(Brewer, 2018).
It is difficult not to admire Mary Breckinridge for her contribution to nursing, despite all the tragedies she had met. Same after she had lost her children, Mary did not let the disaster break her mindLives of other people. I really believe that everyone can learn from their example.