Robert Putnam has the case that the United States explained the importance of social capital and civil society in democratic societies in the last quarter of the year. Toocqueville said during his visit to America: “Americans of all ages, all lifestyle and all types of dispositions form foreverAssociations. There are not only commercial and industrial associations in which everyone participates, but also others from a thousand different types - religious, moral, serious, unsuccessful, very general and very limited, immensely large and very tiny view nothing moreAttention than the intellectual and moral associations in America ”(Putmann, 2000, p. 65).Trust in the United States alarming eroding. He follows this erosion in detail and concludes with the recording of the research results that are necessary to thoroughly examine these theories.
This important book shows that social capital in the United States after the mid -1960s due to the consequence of the generation, the rise of television and urban planning and the increasing demands on the time and the money of the people.And as a result, from poor educational results to economic stress and tensions between and between social groups.
The social norms of reciprocity and trustworthiness have developed based on the accumulation of social capital that are defined as "connections between the social networks of the individual".Valued value (Putnam, 2020, p. 19). According to information from the author of Bowling, there was a decline in social capital in today's America. The book examines the causes and consequences of this decline and the potential solutions.
According to Putnam, there is a critical distinction between social capital, all of which collapse all and bonds, including only these humans. According to the outlook on the outside, in contrast to the internal networks, which are mainly concerned with their members, more integrative social capital network.Organizations and country clubs are two examples of this type of organization today. Different social divisions, which are also known as bridging social capital networks, are externally and include people from a variety of social backgrounds. The civil rights movement and youth service organizations are examples of how social capitalwas used to bridge the gaps in recent history.
The possibility that social capital could restrict freedom and the same opportunities must be considered so that this project is successful. Because social capital is often easily generated if it contradicts something or someone else. It is essential, the socialDeveloping capital, which unfortunately is much more accessible to development than other types of social capital.The readers have to develop new forms of social capital that are currently not available to complete Putnam's final challenge.