In the case study, a subjective part of the note provides a clear picture of habit, symptoms and anamnesis of the patient. However, a special feature of the patient has to be thrown over the last time, since it has the second sexual intercourse, as this can contribute to the incubation periodto be shown. The presence of similar skin defects in the recent sexual partners of the patient and the previous existence of similar skin defects on the skin and the patient's mucosa can define the duration of the disease and the episode number.and point out the time of the disease. The intake of medication, including antibiotics, can influence further diagnostics, tactics and treatment plans for the last month.And abortions as well as pregnancy prophylaxis.
The target notes should mainly include physical examinations such as palpation of the lymph nodes, since one of the essential signs of primary syphilis is regional lymphadenitis and the secondary syphilis manifests itself with systemic lymphadenopathy.There is also necessary in the vaginam. There may be several opportunities if numerous sexual contacts with the contaminated partner during the incubation period of the recipient or if numerous places of bacterial invasion have taken place during a sexual act.If the ulcers in the mouth are painful and correlate with uveitis, skin lesions, muscles and joint pain, stomach -intestine symptoms.
The diagnostic tests should include tests on syphilis (VDRL together with Darkfield microscopy or direct fluorescent antibody test), polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for HSV, DNA amplification tests for Chancroid and LGV (Roett, 2020).When all previous tests are negative, a histological examination of a tissue -binding that is looking for Donovan bodies that are specific for granuloma inguinal (Kang et al., 2019).
The evaluation is largely supported by objective data, since the test results are most trustworthy. Patients with STDS have the special features of providing incorrect data for the doctor, and their anamnesis information should be critically evaluated. Syphilis is a suitable diagnosis forThis case, and test results can be used to confirm or reject them. For every medical worker, it is important to have concerned about syphilis.Body's dramatic consequences. Syphilis is one of the old diseases; however, current medicine lacks vigilance for its diagnosis, since it can imitate other oral manifestations (Dybeck Udd & Lund, 2016). As a differential diagnosis, an HSV infection can be checked, and andThe differential search afterwards is grouped vesicles on an erythematous background, afterwards flat ulcers (Vestergaard, 2018) leaves.Chancroid or Soft Chancre is caused by Haemophilus Ducreyi, is distributed in Africa and Asia, has an incubation time of 24 hours to 15Days and represents a one -sided birth ulcer (Agharbi, 2019).
Lymphogranuloma Venereum is caused by L-Serovars of Chlamydien-Trachomatis and distributed in endemic regions of Africa, Southeast Asia, South and Central America and manifests itself with groin and anorectal syndrome (Kand et al., 2019).Granulomatis causes and is endemic to South Africa, India, Southern China and Brazil.Painful and deep oral and genital ulcers, uveitis and non -mandatory gastrointestinal stomach, muscle and joint involvement (Davatchi et al., 2017). Syphilis lesions are rarely painful, have a variety of skin elements, especially in the second period, and primary ulcerHas a typical prevention in the basement (Kang et al., 2019).