Microsoft Power BI overview
The data visualization enables the conversion of abstract measurable data into a visual representation in the form of tables, diagrams, diagrams and matrices (Bhargava et al. 1; Qin et al. 2) .Microsoft Power BI is a fascinating data visualization tool (bansal and upadhyay 14;Hadhoud and Walid 5) .Power BI consists of various components that are available separately on the market and can be bought and used independently of one another, such as:B. Power Bi -Desktop, Power BI embedded, Power Bi Gateway and Power Bi -apps.
When it was sold for the first time
In 2010 Microsoft had the concept for this tool. In July 2011 it was made public for download under the name "Project Crescent".Senter 44) was published.Danach were power pivot, power query and power view afterwards exclusively accessible as Microsoft Excel add-ins (Becker and Gould 185) .Power Bi Gateway was integrated into different functions, e.g.B. Data connector at the company level and security settings.power BI was then published for sale for sale with all its current full functions for the first time on July 24, 2015.Today Power BI remains a popular tool for data visualization.
Main customer
Companies in the Professional Services area are the largest customer group (16.3%), followed by the production sector (13.2%), the financial services sector (8.6%) and the health sector (7.1%). Others are the retail sector (6, 3%), the oil and gas sector (5.5%) and the educational sector (5.2%) (Microsoft Power BI). The top 5 companies that use Microsoft are Walmart, Apple, McKesson, Berkshire Hathaway andGeico (Microsoft Power Bi). The Power BI has an extended customer segment.
Key strengths of the power BI
By producing uncomplicated dashboards and dynamic reports, a child's play will be known for its customizable dashboards that can be tailored to the individual needs of a company (Becker and Gould 185). There are also interactive and intuitive visualizations in bundle-Ad-drop functions can also be used to quickly create tailor-made reports (Microsoft Power BI). It also offers access to data that is updated in real time.Data can be streamed.
Weakness of the power bi
Power BI is not designed for the analysis of complicated connections from tables to tables.and Gould 185). This limits its benefits.
Top five most interesting functions of data visualization of non-tableau data
Power BI contains an interactive power bi-desktop with which users can easily access data and report. The software is easy to learn and use (Lyon 167). The second interesting feature is the pivot point.Created and combined by importing and combining different data records from different sources. The combination of data from different sources can quickly increase functional users.
Another significant feature is the deflery performance. This component is looking for data from various company data sources or on the Internet and then adds it to an Excel table (Mahajan and Gokhal 200).(Lyon 167). It is constructed in this way to emphasize the data and to cross (Khalid and Zeebaree 65). Depending on the complexity of the data, the Power BI tool provides a standard standard that is generally not sufficient for companies.As a result, it offers tailor -made, visualized dashboards.
Has the non-tableau data visualization used any that does not do tableau?
Power BI has no use that Tableau does not have. In comparison of the two it seems that both data visualizations can display from several reports (Akhtar 29) .Power BI only has one advantage if it is about user -friendliness and real -time access to data (Becker and Gould 185) goes to the speed and the ability to deal with complex data, Tableau is the clear winner.