Modern parenthood is complex and sometimes unbalanced, and the consequences of it are anxious, at least because modern children who grow up in these families preserve less care and accept negative behavior patterns. Intacted families enable instability, and children inherit them and create them in the next generationsMore instability. In times of change, it is important to understand and be ready to understand these changes in order to deal with numerous challenges.
The conception of family instability refers to situations in marriages and relationships that change quickly. This concept was originally developed in the nineties and looked at children who undergo this instability (Cavanagh & Fomby, 2019). It examines the reactions of childrenOn the various stress factors associated with these changes: divorces, remarriage, coexistence without marriage, etc. Children are subject to the negative feelings of the parents if they separate with schools and friends who normally follow divorce in incomplete families andTo maintain less care and warmth of the family. In this way, drastic changes lead to instability and instability leads to stress.
A high divorce rate is one of the main reasons for family instability: incomplete families are usually unbalanced for various reasons. For example, due to a constant lack of time, it is much more difficult to maintain a work-life balance in such a family.On average on average, more and more children are in the situation when they live in an incomplete family. The divorce rates in the United States have risen slowly in recent decades and have initially achieved more than 40% of all marriages (Smock & Schwartz, 2020). Children experience stress when their parents are contradictory and divorced, and tend to adopt these behavior patterns for themselves (Cavanagh & Fomby, 2019). In this way you grow up with the tendency to form incomplete families.In the 2010s, most of the people living together were merged, not married (Smock & Schwartz, 2020). The tendency towards rejection of marriage increases together with the average age of marriage. This leads to instability in families in general.
Another reason that modern families are unbalanced is the difficulty of maintaining a work-life balance. More than 50% of all women and men with children stated in a survey that they have difficulty combining work and family activities (Parker & Wang, 2013). This leads to the situation in which children can be cared for, and the total level of stress increases into families. However, the time that parents spend with their children grew up (2013).Fathers spend much more time with children of changes in gender roles and do housework: this time almost doubled from the 1960s (Parker & Wang, 2013). The maintenance of a work-life balance is crucial, but due to these changes both menAs well as more difficult for women. The people should adapt to new roles and conditions.
In general, gender roles have become much less clear, and traditional pictures of a workman and a housewife are now vague. The traditional family structure has changed. The percentage of working women has risen drastically compared to the 1960s (Parker & Wang, 2013).At the same time, the time to spend the fathers with their children has increased more than twice compared to the 1960s. In general, it is not unusual to work full -time for women for women and to do all homework for men.Gender roles bring the situation with families even more chaos and instability.
The instability in modern families has parents and children challenges: parents should maintain a balance between work and life, and both parents and children should be more adaptable to live well.Families tend to shape and dissolve much faster, and marriage is not mandatory for modern families.To live well.