Chapter 5 of the book talks about the state of local women in the time of the colonial conquest of America. The invasion of southern and North America through the Europeans concerned many men who came into contact with the local egalitarian societies.established social and economic order (Hughes & Hughes, 1997). Before the invasion, the men and women of the tribe divided their work and their responsibility alike. After the conquest, the work of the men who was sought after a big game was with the EuropeansAsked, the trade between the tribe and the invaders made some of the work of women irrelevant, for example the creation of certain objects that were now replaced by European.Mainly christened tribal men. Many women rejected the conversion to Christianity, but their husbands, brothers and fathers struck them because of their defiance.
In New Mexico, where the slave trade was the main source of prosperity for the Spaniards, many Indian women were made slaves and used as property without rights or freedoms. In Barbados, black female slaves were forced to work in areas, and were also different exports, including physical, sexual and emotional. In New Spain, the Spanish conquerors found their cultural norms and rules for women, which implied that women had to be sexually pure and practice discretion.To keep Spaniard intact. At the same time, the local population also included the Spanish honorary traditions, which again led to sexual research into local women.
Chapter 6 of the book concerns the topics of the role of African women in the 17th century. In the 1660s, a Lutheran pastor who visited the Fetu -Volk described its social activities. As the pastor said, the fetu women who were after theirsStatus in the community and their wealth were dressed. The wealthy females covered their breasts with silk, while the poorer topless were (Hughes & Hughes, 1997). During the weddings, the tribe had festive events, and the groom had to show their generosity.Could marry several times, but the first woman always had the highest status, while the concubines were mostly slave women. The Bakongo strain in Congo had a certain social order in which women were able to maintain the status of women or sister. Young women were young women,The children were able to give birth, but after the end of their reproduction time, many of them became sisters. The concept of sisterhood implied autonomy and active participation in family affairs.
The chapter also speaks of Queen Njinga, a woman who fought against the Portuguese after the death of her brother in Congo. The most important part of Njinga's story was that she became a man to justify her legitimacy as a queen.If she had the right to have several husbands, and she ordered everyone to dress in female clothes.African women who were born European fathers and African mothers.which they made available with European education. The EUR-African women married other Europeans and thus collected resources and status, which caused them to act as an intermediary in slave trade.