Negro -spirituals are songs that were composed by Africans who were kidnapped and transported to the United States to be sold to slavery. During their languages, families and culture, their masters could not take their musical properties away. A unique African Christianity expresses as a ring of Negroes.which the participants dance in the clockwise circuit dancing (Blackhistorywalks 6:24). In the United States, the term "spiritual" is closely associated with the racist suppression of the African Americans.is known as the Negro -Spiritual, the most important and best known cultural practices (Blackhistorywalks).
A few well -known spirituals are Valais Willis' Swing Low, Dear Chariot and deep in my heart. (African -American Spirituals). The word "spiritual" comes from a Biblon conversion of Ephesians 5:19 by King James: "Talk to yourselfIn psalms and hymns and spiritual songs and singing and make the melody in their hearts. ”(African -American Spirituals). African slaves held“ praise ”and outdoor meetings with the title Bush or Camp Meeting as well as meetings of the brushes of the brusheswhere they met informally to discuss their conditions of slavery (African -American Spirituals). There were ecstatic trances at the meetings where people sing, sing and dance.
Africans sang enslaved Africans through the spiritual hymns about their emergency towards the American slave men (Blackhistorywalks 5:34). Slave lords let their slaves follow certain Eurocentric religious rituals, although they did not have the right to freedom of expression, but they had no idea that a richCulture full of outstanding and complex songs would arise that serve as a soundtrack for the spiritual life of some people (blackhistorywalks). Call and Response is a crucial characteristic of Negro -Spiritual.According to Sonia Caldwell in the documentary origin of the Negro Spiritual (10:20), spirituals were used by enslaved people because they wanted to keep African components in their lives..
In the twentieth and twentieth century, spirituals played a decisive role in the protests of the black. Spirituals and gospellieders were essential in the civil rights movements of the 1950s and 1960s (African -American spirituals).Freedom, based on old spirituals. Songs based on spirituals, were used in different countries worldwide, including Russia, Eastern Europe, South Africa and China.Inspire. Songs like Redemption Song by Bob Marley and Billy Braggs sing their souls at home, are good examples.To express identity and capacities. Negroes were also very popular among African Americans on the basis of the prejudices of white superiors who were disadvantageous to the results of the civil war.African-Americans inspired African-American criterion to combine and fight for their rights, and encouraged them to demonstrate their strength in numbers.