From a personal perspective, Disney+ has all the ways to coordinate Netflix as a leader in the video streaming. First of all, the contemporary development of the streaming service industry requires the attraction of customers through the reputation, the quality of the content and the goal of the consumer.The Walt Disney company has several significant advantages. It is a well-known international company with history and millions of lovers around the world.Parks.
At the same time, Disney+ exceeds other companies in terms of streaming and is differentiated that they are an optimal solution in its industry, since it offers a combination of modern and classics and creates an unprecedented high quality of entertainment (Agnihotri & Bhattacharya, 2022). With othersWords, this platform offers a wide range of exclusive content, from timeless classic films to the latest publications, with a combination of accessibility and options from Digital Media Technologies.To indicate population groups on all large audience -Dography. In contrast to Netflix, Disney+ publishes more children and family-friendly content. At the same time, Marvel's superhero blockbuster and star Wars-based series also attract people with different backgrounds and combine them. In combination with a cost-efficient subscriptionThe materials of the platform for consumers who prefer the most convenient entertainment for all family members are extremely desirable.
It goes without saying that Hastings and his team should take the experience and competitive advantages of Disney+into account. However, it would be unreasonable to react to his development and entry into a direct confrontation.-Service area. In general, their strategies will require the availability of predominantly exclusive content and comfortable conditions in relation to prices.Therefore, each platform will finally have its audience. In this case, Netflix should remain one of the market players on the market and follow its strategies by producing and promoting their content. At the same time, it can try new approaches to generate its competitive advantages and clear values.
I think that the development of technologies and digital media inevitably decreases the popularity of traditional media.Furthermore, if you catch Netflix and want to attract a wider audience, you should also enter the streaming service market or generate customer values ​​with your unique advantages.
First, the success of the video streaming is determined by the variety of content and its accessibility. With other words, people are connected to streaming services to choose from large collections of audiovisual materials that are suitable for all demographic groups, and theyAt a relatively low price at any time and at any location or without observing the house.-A events.