Attitude and body movements are examples of body language. For example, attitude, for example, gives trust; the same applies to physical movements. If you sit upright and stand up to the chair, for example, attention and focus are drawn to the debate, but a relaxedLeather obligation can impl out on apathy or superiority. Oboise may deceive the appearance, not all of them when it comes to professional communication., would highlight their personal style and fashion competence, which is essential for the marketing of the goods.B. on fingernails on a table, bend your head from side to side or put your palms on the cheekbones, even if you are not determined, certain gestures can communicate the wrong idea. For exampleHe carefully thinks about what can be misinterpreted as a boredom.
In my opinion, I feel the body language well. If a person makes a kind of movement to pay attention, I always do it. I look at my strongest page with regard to non -verbal communication.is not always up to date for everyone, the decoding is not always up to date. I study body language by analyzing the behavior of people in cafés and other public places. In this way I can study the maximum possible number of peopleIt enables me to understand them better. The look is complex for me, I cannot always understand what a person wants to show with their appearance, but I want to develop such a skill in myself, since in my opinion it is essential.
The ability to code good gymnastics taking messages can help to keep people in a discussion if necessary or get into a discussion effectively without disturbing someone or appearing disrespectful. Coding is the process of convertingIdeas in information. The encoder sends a message about the media such as a call, an internet, text or email, a personal conference or another communication device. The amount of conscious thinking that flows into coding signals varies.Temples should be taken into account by the encoder and any disorder that are conflict with their signal.
In my opinion, I express my thoughts in non -verbal language; at least people have always understood what I want to convey to them. I can say that body language is fundamental and understandable for meHow to show the interlocutor by appearing a wish. I would like to develop this ability because it is very versatile in everyday life and can help in many situations.
By implementing the tips for the better encoder of non -verbally, this leads to an improved decoding ability due to greater awareness.Social phobia (Burgoon) leads.To simplify and improve.