The nurse must receive information about the health history of Alyssa and the results of the physical evaluation in order to suggest appropriate interventions. At Alyssa, a ventricular septum defect (VSD) was diagnosed, which can be an additional risk factor for other heart problems.Significantly fast heartbeat, dizziness, pale complexion and an increased sweating. You have already experienced the same symptoms, which means that your illness may occur again.Calcium levels are formed (Hinkle & Chever, 2018). The results of the physical assessment can indicate a acquired cardiovascular state such as supraventricular tachycardia (SVT), which is the main symptom of the increased heart rate (Hinkle & Chever, 2018).the physical evaluation have been obtained, influence the care plan and the necessary care interventions.
The nurse should support Alyssa and monitor her condition exactly.to look at a reduced cardiac volume (nurses, 2019). The second nursing intervention is to monitor an electrocardiogram (EKG) for heart frequency, rhythm and ectopia (nurses, 2019).influence (nurses, 2019). The third intervention of nursing includes the provision of appropriate rest periods that reduce the myocardial and oxygen requirements (nurses, 2019). This are three important interventions that Alyssa's nurse must carry out.
Another important intervention is the administration of the prescribed drug - adenosin.adenosine is one of the medication contained in the list of antiarrhythmic agents (Karch, 2020).And reduces the automatic in the AV node ”(Karch, 2020, p. 1960). It has a short duration of action (approx. 15 seconds) and can only have a few negative side effects, including headache, rinsing and dyspnea of ​​short duration (Karch,2020, p. 1960). Antiarrhythmics are usually not prescribed to the children, unless they had heart surgery or, as in Alyssa's case, have innate heart problems (Karch, 2020).the nurse is monitored to recognize possible side effects (Karch, 2020). This is the most important pharmacological and administered information about adenosine.
The nurse must offer adequate medication education for patient and family medication before the dismissal of Alyssa..Digoxin (or lanoxin) is a medication that is used to "increase the strength of the heart contractions" (Karch, 2020, p. 75). The calcium that leaves the cell slows down the action potential and "management andHeart rate slows down ”(Karch, 2020, p. 1960) .alyssa's parents should report changes in their diet and their medication to avoid adverse effects (Karsh, 2020). The compatibility is prohibited together with St. John's word, To use quinidine, rifampine and midodrine (Karch, 2020). Before administering the dose, it is necessary to count and hold the apical impulse for a full minute if it is less than 90 (ricci, 2021). One oralTo give form of digoxin with meals should be avoided (Ricci, 2021). Digoxin has tight safety margins for dosage, especially for children (Karch, 2020).not to hurt.