The reduced intake of protein foods that make up the daily calories of an individual includes a reduced-protein diet. This diet is typically prescribed in order to control certain diseases such as kidney and liver diseases. These foods include eggs, nuts, salmon, chicken and beef with highProtein mirrors (Suzuki et al., 2018). This is a low absorption of proteins A dietary style that is preferred for geriatric patients when you consider that their metabolism slowed in old age, which indicates that protein -rich foods have to be given weight and othersDiseases can lead (Mirzaei et al., 2017). This is an integrative strategy for nutritional lessons for low protein absorption in geriatric patients an essential part of promoting a healthy lifestyle.
There are different risks associated with aging, including low immunity, unhealthy eating patterns and the recurrence of chronic diseases such as diabetes and high blood pressure.who contribute to the occurrence of diseases in the occurrence of diseases (Suzuki et al., 2018). In a similar way, older people are susceptible to unbalanced nutritional systems based on socially economic factors such as the lack of a certified caregiver and finance for the access of healthier food selection.In addition, geriatrics suffer from degenerative diseases such as dementia that influence their assessment and nutritional decisions (Mirzaei et al., 2017). This is an effective training in self -government is an essential part of the relief of the changes between this population of humans.Patient M A 68 -year -old African -American man who was diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease (Suzuki et al., 2018). He is said to have taken half a pound of meat and three eggs every day.Loves, and he feels happy and satisfied after taking the food.
When he was asked about the dangers of his nutritional pattern, he said that nothing is wrong with the food because proteins are the building blocks of body tissues and muscles. As a retired bodybuilder, he still loves great muscles and keeps a protein -rich diet,In order to maintain his physique, however, show that a man with information that has been distorted by the truth. In view of his medical history and his age, he must therefore be included in a low protein diet, since both variables have the risk of health deteriorationExposing (Mirzaei et al., 2017).
In view of the high protein levels in its blood and the polycystic kidney disease, the patient should take on the protein -like diet plan.and cholesterol that is harmless to health. However, the patient can still take low amounts of meat and other grains and fruits to ensure that it requires enough calories. The fried rice with 50 grams of meat instead of the earlier consumption area is an exampleOf 500 grams daily (Mirzaei et al., 2017). This protein intake ensures that the blood is detoxified by excess protein intake.
The short nutrient teaching plan, including a meal and focus on food content, is presented using nutritional videos and uniform brochures to promote mindful food. Makeover videos train customers on opportunities to include their preferred herbal recipes to ensure thatmaintained agreed nutrition (Suzuki et al., 2018). For example, African Americans love soy and beans that can be used instead of eggs and meat.If the patient will understand that 100 calories per portion of learning and discovery are considered moderate and moderate (Mirzaei et al., 2017).