The IDS is an intrusion detection system with which humans can quickly identify potential safety violations in one device or network. There are different types of IDs, the most important are HIDS and NIDS.THISE IDs on different analyzes and data control. For all IDS, the main advantage isA quick notification system about an attack or file structure. If you save time and make changes, administrators can take measures to protect information as soon as possible.
NIDS analyze incoming and internal network traffic; the purpose of the analysis is to recognize malicious activities. However, if the port coverage is deactivated, additional sensors should be installed, and this is the main problem of NIDS (Magalhaes, 2018).that the switch does not transfer the package directly to the entire network, but only to the recipient. This makes it difficult to work with NIDS and force the administrators to do additional work.
HIDS are tools that control the operation of individual devices. In the rule, HIDS captures the status of all files hosted at an end point and informs the administrator when system objects are removed or changed.Device are transferred (Magalhaes, 2018). Hids usually have advantages over NIDS, and administrators find that HIDS is ideal for laptops, servers and work stations.
HIDS and NIDS can be compared in different ways, and the analyzes show that hiddenly exceeds or at least NIDS is not inferior.Ideas about the universality of HIDS are also associated with this fact. Hids and NIDS are also easy to implement and control (Magalhaes, 2018). The most important advantage of HIDS is that it is not necessary to complete the training beforeYou use it. This makes the most desirable HIDS for most administrators together with the price of HIDS, which is significantly lower than NIDS.NIDS also uses the range of the LAN, which leads to increased requirements.
The general advice for administrators is to use HIDS and NIDS together on firewalls and customers, although it may seem reasonable to only use HIDS.Can save the administrator and files that are safe. In the case of the use of HIDS and NIDS, the first protection in a complex offers and the second will solve local problems (Magalhaes, 2018). The combined use of HIDS and NIDS provides an effectiveAnd fast alarm when a violation is recognized.
A good helper when using IDSS are protocols that record everything that happens over time with the network and the device. As IDSS with different reports, keep HIDS and NIDS protocols with different details.It is adjusted that you are not overloaded with unnecessary data (Magalhaes, 2018). In the rule, HIDS has very detailed logs with information about all machines, even if these machines are not in the network.
When installing programs for protectors, administrators have to think about help opportunities to recognize intruders who want to steal data. Definent statistics determine that more than 90% of the networks in which the IDS and anti-virus program was started,Contain security errors (Magalhaes, 2018). The attempts to save networks finds and signals IDS gaps. At the same time, more than 95% of companies do not provide any money for the installation and maintenance of IDs and do not train employees for working with IDS(Magalhaes, 2018). The complete data protection requires a comprehensive analysis that HIDS and NIDS can provide.However, this requires a special care of the administrators.