In fact, organizational factors play a very important role in the implementation and change of strategies, guidelines and action plans in the health environment and determine their success.aims to examine the importance of OC for the intervention and control in the infection (IPC), the theoretical basis of necessary cultural changes and the role of leadership in them.
In general, no common definition can combine all aspects of OC in it. The best thing to do was probably by Shein, who found that OC “The pattern is fundamentally assumed that a certain group has invented or developed to use theirTo deal with the problems of external adaptation and internal integration, and that, and Dashat well enough, to be considered valid, and, to teach, think and feel new members as a correct way in relation to these problems“(De Bono et al., 2014, p. 2).For medical institutions, one of the most important challenges for medical institutions are currently, the efficient implementation of IPC interventions (infection prevention and control) in reducing incidents in connection with infection in (de Bono et al., 2014)IPC, however, strongly depends on the interaction of several management systems influenced by OC..
Several theories in connection with cultural change are essential for the implementation of interventions that include the cultural adaptation theory, the theory of self -efficacy and the transformation theory of leadership. The first describes the cultural change as a value generation in response to changing conditions.Changes in OC in response to new challenges. The self -efficacy theory relates to behavioral changes in employee behavior and refers to four modalities, including the performance association based on the belief of a person in his skills, the deputy learning by observing others, verbal conviction that this isBehavior changed, and emotional excitement (de Bono et al., 2014).
Although several leadership styles can be applied to cultural change, Transformation Leadership offers long -term effects. According to Willis et al. (2014), the organizational cultural change “focuses on the connection between transformation vision and action through a series of activities that are from thoseSeveral levels of a system are carried out ”(p. 9). This is significantly influencing their subordinates and form their perceptions and behavior patterns. Firstly, they articulate a new vision of OC that reinforces the motivation and self -control of humans (Fischer, 2016). With other words, in the transformation management, employees are united by a certain mission in which they are responsible for the results.Hand hygiene for the prevention of diseases and motivates the employees to follow the regulations. In this case, health service providers recognize their responsibility for the success of interventions.