A commercial company is active by increasing or maintaining profits. However, the costs for the agency is the excessive preliminary suit. This effort enables the contractor to receive more, but does not affect the well -being of investors.Management of the company also creates agency costs, since the productivity of management and the founders reduce additional costs.
Company business requires companies to take full responsibility for how to achieve their goals in the world around them. Consumers, investors and employees of companies are aware of the possibilities of modern companies (Bansal et al., 2021)Regarding it, it is necessary not only to lead you to make a profit, but also to improve society as a whole and develop the responsibility of the human capital.To improve society, and not in its deterioration (Hoffman, 2018). The implementation of the social responsibility of the organization's social responsibility also includes responsibility for employees: the provision of an additional social package that includes the formation of a pension system, health insurance and relaxation.
The ethical attitude includes the sensational case of Wells Fargo, one of the largest US bank transactions. In 2016, around 2 million credit cards without knowledge of the customer were discovered, the bank was fined with a fine of $ 185 million, and the management dismissedAround 1,000 employees. The investors were dissatisfied with the fact that the bank had stopped reliable and the trust in the eyes of the customers, and the public looked at the real guilty of what was not based on junior employees, but the top-Managers of the company had happened. The company's profits showed a decline during this period.
On the other hand, Nike is deeply convinced that it is possible to implement more sustainable practices in all areas of the company. In 2020, the sports giant announced a partnership with the EFM of Environmental Investment in 2020.Fund. With the help of Nike, the foundation was able to plant more than 100 square kilometers of forest plantations to absorb carbon from the earth's atmosphere.Due to the increasing costs at the same level as in previous years, the company had a call in the eyes of its customers.
In summary, it can be said that many companies consider the compliance with the principles of the social responsibility of companies. This is based on the fact that it is compliance with the principles of social responsibility that enables companies to perform both of the economic and theto improve social performance on the one hand, the social responsibility of companies is considered an essential element of the competitive strategy. On the other hand, the social responsibility of companies is a consequence of the ethical behavior of an organization on the market that with the attitude towards the topics of external andinternal environment is connected, or with an approach that takes into account three main areas (ecology, economy, sociology) as a factor of sustainable development.