Childhood has the most direct influence on the adult life of a person because it is the first step in the socialization process. Not all parents understand effective methods of education, do not recognize the value of a favorable environment for the independence of the child and neglect the appearance of emotional anticipationYouth. It is a serious problem that expands the knowledge of the theoretical foundations of the family relationship structure. An alternative that can promote the growth of parents' abilities and scholarships is to study online resources. Sughub is a quality option with sufficientTheory and approaches of his practical application to promote children's spiritual and physical health.
Suction hub is a resource that offers access to materials for interaction with children from their imagination to adulthood.Psychological and intellectual trauma that cause severe depression and can destroy the most fundamental instinct -self -preservation (Idris & Ahmad, 2020). The online resource contributes to solving this concern in the early phases when the contact is currently being constructed, and approachesFamily connections can continue to be changed.
For a child, the budget is the main environment for life, develop and a whole person. Learn children to recognize the world and to capture the basic mechanisms of perception and interpersonal relationships of the family (Chen et al., 2022).Relationship with parents The basic skills, skills and psychological qualities, since children are imitators and the basics of communication from childhood.The young people do not have difficulties that determine their emotional condition and cannot establish a partner connection.
Sukhub offers access to numerous resources for child rearing to build a strong relationship. It offers articles from experts in various areas, from medicine and psychology to physical education and nutrition.In the different phases of the growing up, there is the possibility of an open forum so that everyone can share their own experiences or ask for help from those who have already experienced difficulties. The site is divided into categories, and therefore the search is fast andEfficient. You can search for the necessary materials or read all the available information that is shared according to the age of children.
Thus, the parent-child relationship is of crucial importance for the formation of a full personality. The website offers filtered and professionally approved information on concern.In addition, this resource for nurses is of crucial importance that must understand that health, growth and development of children occur in the context of their connection with the parents.A connecting and uniform element that affects later life directly (Walters, 2022). The family environment influences the interaction process, and the nurse has to take into account the uniqueness and history of each family. This promotes quality provision and provides respect and maintenance,that meet the needs of the patient.
In summary, it is difficult to overbet the role of the family, which is one of the most critical values ​​for the individual in the formation of personality and health. It affects the future success and the condition of the child.It is therefore necessary to make efforts and increase the knowledge in order to build up competent parent -child communication.Combined with experts and other parents.