introduction
The provision of appropriate and effective drug therapies is of essential importance for timely medical care and treatment. In examined case of the patient with a number of serious diagnoses, the diseases that are characteristic of older adults and are less common in young people can be spent.As a result, age will be involved as a factor in relation to the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic processes. This criterion can help explain suitable pharmaceutical interventions and to identify optimal treatment schemes in order to satisfy the patient's needs.
Influence of age on the patient's pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic processes
The examined case study shows that the patient has serious health problems in connection with the cardiovascular system. During these diagnoses, the aspect of age plays an important role in pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic processes.The fact that diuretics such as furosemide are prescribed to treat high blood pressure and lower blood cholesterol., who are responsible for the removal of harmful products from the body, worse in older patients. anticoagulants that aim to prevent blood clots in people with ischemic problems are poorly absorbed (Thürmann, 2020).in chemical reactions and have a shorter effect on the body than in young people.
Effects on the patient's drug therapy
These changes in the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic processes can influence the drug therapy recommended for the patient. Dodson et al. (2017) state that polyprogmasia can be one of the negative consequences of a large amount of medication in older people with heart diseasedue to the inadequate effective effects of medicinal products and an excess of many components, in particular aspirin, the simplest anticoagulant, with warfarin, dangerous health results occur.what is dangerous in adulthood. The proposed therapy can represent threats to such medical effects due to the inadequate resistance of the patient's inadequate resistance.
Improvement of the drug therapy plan
In order to improve the patient's current drug therapy plan, some changes can be helpful. Since enzymine hibitids are not included in the treatment plan, atenolol for metoprolol can be replaced because the latter is absorbed faster (Kuprash et al., 2020). Hydrochlorothic cide and spironolactonare used as diuretics that reduce blood pressure without strain on the kidneys and liver (Rosenthal & Bünkum, 2021). Metformin and glyburide can remain if they are successfully checked the blood sugar level and combined for an optimal effect (Rosenthal & Bundum, 2021).
Diploma
In the case in question, the changes of the patient in the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic processes from the perspective of the duration of the age are taken into account. Relevant clinical evidence rely on the effects of age on health and reflect the diseases, the older adults are common on this basisthat the current drug therapy plan is easily modified in order to remedy the poor drug absorption and the threats from the organs to help the patient deal with severe diagnoses.