The situation in pioneering technologies (PT) is complex and ethically unstable. OWL vision is a unique product in the area of ​​bionic eyes with clear strategies and advantages for customers.If there are no guarantees to explain the bottlenecks of the new product. In reference to these conditions, the utilitarian ethical framework must be used as the most consistent option for PT's corporate culture.lead to the best results for many people and lead to the greatest total good (Halbert & Ingulli, 2015). The company should not only the damage and advantages of the campaign and the product in relation to its success, but also all stakeholders and usersmay be affected by the decision, analyze (Halbert & Ingulli, 2015). The examples include the evaluation of the long and short-term results. Many people can be attracted to the campaign at the beginning, but their problems and concerns would grow and with the timequestion the company's reputation.
According to the rules and principles of the utilitarian ethical framework, the identification of the results plays an important role. If the company is confident of positive results and advantages for the company and the normal users, the success of the campaign can be observed in the context.Do not continue as the advertising campaign, but has to concentrate on some changes and improvements before the product is introduced to customers.If the damage enforced the advantages in some aspects, it is important to involve more people and to clarify the defects with its solutions.
In view of the current status, the representatives of Eagle Eye Technology (EET) are not to follow some ethical standards, and have already adopted access to the concerns and challenges of the Pt.Sie ​​to stop the PT campaign and not misleading the publicto be allowed. The idea of ​​whistleblow is a suitable mechanism for eet.Whistleblower are people who try to disclose information within organizations to the media (Halbert & Ingulli, 2015).However, the case remains unclear whether EET will make some changes or to achieve a competitive advantage and in this attempt to defeat PT. In the following, it is difficult to say that Eet could ultimately win.Damage the reputation of both biotechnological organizations. The chosen mechanism does not require the presence of a certain winner, but the number of losers can grow unpredictably.
The use of a bad product and the maintenance of consciousness for its threats cause several risks for humans.A consumer is involved in a car accident due to the poor performance of the OWL vision product, it is possible to address product liability theory as the basis for a lawsuit.Using the product under unfavorable conditions, which means cloudy weather (Halbert & Ingulli, 2015). In reference to the current common law of torts, the driver should expect PT compensation if the problem with your own vision product is examined and proven.