Unfortunately, I could not attend an event or a concert with a cultural dance performance. However, I remember the television program well, of which some of the New Zealand's indigenous peoples and its unique culture was dedicated.Dance designated. The date of the event is unknown to me, but I saw the program in December 2021.It was not the first time that I saw cultural dance performances, but it was one of the most impressive.
Poi Dance is listed by large groups of Maori men and women who carry out synchronized dance movements. The movements are quite simple and mainly encompasses from one foot to the other and active movements of the arms and hands.also in lines one after the other. The specific actions also include interaction with special balls, bars and sticks of every woman as additional objects as well as singing. The subject of this dance is the traditional culture of the Maori people, in particular the expression of joy and gratitude.
The most important movement topic in this dance is the interaction with various objects such as balls, bars and sticks. The women start dance with small, fluffy balls, then move to short white bars and are then replaced by sticks.Dance through clapping and singing, and the interaction with these objects is the center of the action and determines the movement. For exampleBars mostly sat in a circle. In addition, beams and sticks were also used to put the rhythm when they were hit on the floor or against each other.
The cultural meaning of this dance lies in the preservation and demonstration of the traditions of the Maori -Volkes. In particular through such mass dances, they show the identity of their people and interact with each other. I think it was the collectivity and the mass character that impressed me the mostI saw this dance, I was surprised how well a group of people consisting of 30-40 people dances, sings and interacted with objects at the same time. I had joy and surprise, together with a feeling of respect for this funnyAnd spectacular tradition.
The Maori used traditional costumes, make -up and continuous rhythmic vocals to improve the movements of the dance. It is noteworthy that the music was performed exclusively by the singing of the dancers, which was able to result in an amazing effect of authenticity and immersion.All participants in the dance are extremely speaking facial expressions that could be used in particular to understand the plot of the song and the entire dance as a whole.In addition to the described dance before the start of the event itself, men and women performed a traditional war dance in the same traditional costumes that consisted of screaming and clapping.Dinner with traditional Maori -Essen, and fish dishes and local fruits were made available, the names of which were not presented.
When I saw this performance, I was overwhelmed by awe and a sense of community. I wanted to repeat the movements and sang the melodies that the Maori sang. I don't believe that I have been so touched by dance because the energy of this performanceliterally gave goosebumps. This mass character and coherence of the dance amazed me, and the art of the artists made me immerse myself in the atmosphere of the Maori culture. This experience was much more pleasant for me because I never expected beforeFan was a traditional dances, but this dance is a real performance that captivates and surprises.