introduction
Justice provisions are the results of events in which the jurors are limited by defined rules, regardless of foreign influences, and bound to their social experiences or sensitivity. In Duncan Kennedy's freedom and restriction in the decision: A critical phenomenology is the interpretation of the law asConstant exchange between law and life is presented. The most judicial decisions are obvious results that reflect the legal arguments, the facts presented and the ideological obligations of the judge. However, Kennedy argues that Jurimer develops the desired result when a dispute is presented for the first time.As a result, the subsequent interpretation and analysis of the law tries to support their meaning for justice and to justify their decisions in order to make the judgment acceptable. During this argument, this argument reflects the inherent tension and interplay between life and law, it underpins the improbability of the principleThe political neutrality in decision -making processes.
Duncan Kennedy's rejection of political neutrality in the decision
The decision is to determine disputes by the judicial officer.A constant interaction between freedom and restriction. Manko (2) confirms this view and claims that the jurimers traditionally determine matters in front of them by interpreting and containing the laws against the facts and evidence presented. However, such interpretation contains combatthe questions of value, which indicates that Jurimer cannot avoid integrating political considerations into their decision -making.and to interpret in accordance with their sense of justice. This subjectivity reflects the phenomenological aspects of the interpreter of the law and includes the context and the ideological commitment of judges.
In addition, the literal interpretation of the law limits the ability of the judicial officials to examine and take into account the materials shown.Judges through the legally pre -programmed conclusions through the objective interpretation of the applicable statutory provisions (Klaasen 1) are available.. This would mean that jurors would be technically prevented from making some judicial provisions through the right legal reasoning. According to van Domselaar (72), such a fixation of the rules and principles reduces the legal proceedings to empty rituals that are carried out for certain results.Harris and Sen (242) rely on the fact that such a point of view of many years of empirical observation contradicts the fact that the law and its application are never safe, clear and precise, but variable and vague.Answers would be unwise and inappropriate to expect judges to be politically neutral.