It is no surprise for everyone that professional sport is inextricably linked to each other with monumental physical and mental challenges.have influenced most of these fights during and after their sports career. To a certain extent, it is inevitable, but an impossible standard of infinite perseverance that athletes have to face outside of training and the championship has undoubtedly made it even more difficult.New York Times Simone Biles rejects a long tradition of Stoicism in Sports (2021) Comments on the standard and the way absorbing and the costs of such vulnerability.
At the beginning, the article recognizes the cultural change in the direction of the acceptance of intellectual struggles in both general and in particular among athletes. An athlete of Simone Biles' stature ten years ago or even five years ago that she would have fought with pressure, let alone withdraw in the middle of an Olympic competition. SiMones decision to end the largest international event in the sports world has made it a poster figure of the relevant but unpleasant conversation. The success in sport and in many other areas is without self -discipline and willingness to fightImpossible. However, however, it is considered a respectable place to pause and enable yourself to recover? After your decisive decision, Simone online counter -reactions with allegations of the lack of patriotism and the strength of the mind are therefore clear that it is clear that it is clear that it is clear thatFor many people, the overall result for many people remains much more important than the intellectual well -being of an athlete. However, such a setup is an almost safe recipe for a possible tragedy, a burner or worse that could be avoided if the mental needs of a person earlyhad been taken seriously enough.
The article recites Sian Beilock's comments, the President of the Barnard College, who studies the dynamics between external pressure and the minds of athletes and business people. Beilock is proving to show the growing willingness of the athletes to comment on all mental health problems., According to Belock, Osaka and the open approvals of others are for the persistent striving to do the questions of psychological health problems (Longam, 2021). If a renowned and successful athlete can experience fear, depression and difficulties in generalRegular people do not make themselves unrealistic expectations.
It can be devastating for an athlete in which the most expected and public moment of your career is difficult to work.the continued path of an athlete in her chosen sport. Sustainably permanent success and consistent performance are only possible if a person recognizes and accepts their limits. It is not a shame to need the help of others, and there is courage to give the fact and currentAdjusting actions. At the end of the day, unnecessary perseverance does not necessarily reflect a greater determination within the championships. Since everyone has their resources, it is important to use them optimally without ignoring the basic needs of the human psyche.