In the tested piece, Putnam tries to determine the nature of the pain, in particular whether it is a state of brain or not. He emphasizes the unequal effect of the brain structure in different ways of life by the example of an octopus and a mammalian, from which the difference inits "physical" functionality arises (Putnam, p. 56).Reactions show most of the living beings, including pain, not exclusively brain states.
An essential nuance in which the thinker shows is that such reactions usually manifest themselves in a certain behavior that enables the condition to recognize the condition., which he radiates, pain, hunger, unpleasant temperature or other appearance (Putnam, p. 56). This serves to prove that the conditions are not limited to changes in brain activity, but can also determine your physical equivalent.to look at them in particular. In particular, the term putnam offers the classification of the basic physiological reaction to irritants that affect the well -being of an organism, "a functional condition" (p. 54).Organization must have that actually determines this disease and enables it physically.
In the simplest terms, Putnam rejects the identical nature of the mental and physical properties that two are hypothetically connected to each other with inseparability. Horowitz mentions that such a position falls under the philosophy of "type physical"In the meantime, Putnam refers to "The Brain State Theory" (p. 55). On the other hand, as mentioned, one of the main argument is based on the fact that mental conditions can have different symptoms, so they hardly share a certain physical nature.
Putnam's view is undoubtedly closer to reality compared to type physicalism, especially due to sufficient practical evidence. In fact, different creatures can look unlike in pain; they can flinch or shrink, cry or press or other.Types, including humans, but not limited to them, disguise their symptoms to avoid being too vulnerable. These are the examples to illustrate that the physiological reaction to irritants such as pain can be "multiplied" (Horowitz, P. 82). This assumption in turn separates the mental properties of physical, otherwise all creatures that are able to feel pain are identical.
It is worth noting that some philosophers tried to impair the validity of Putnam's argument, and announced that the nature of pain is obviously different in different ways, but is identical.The functional structure of the brain, including human beings, can be transformed.82). This is actually another scenario of how the realization of mental conditions can be varied, which can also be observed within a way. So it is more relevant to classify pain as a function with a focus on behavior that manifests it.
In summary, it can be said that the hypothesis on which Putnam is referred to as the theory of the brain state and which it contradicts is very doubtful.have unique physical nature. In such a case, however, actions of pain organisms would also be identical, which, as show empirical evidence, does not correspond to reality.