The Coronavirus disease is a rapidly growing worldwide pandemic due to severe lung and syndrome coronavirus 2, therefore increased pessimism and high life loss.The challenge for public health and food systems (Alcendor, 2020). During the governments, the governments try to curb these scourge through border closures, trade restrictions and restrictions, she has crippled the economies.Many families worldwide.
With regard to Covid, there are differences in knowledge, attitudes and practices (KAKS).have a low level of education and attitude, but are regarded as high practice (Alcendor, 2020). Breed, gender, education, income, health insurance status and political views are associated with KAPS.
Hispanic and African Americans have a higher infection rate and the number of deaths, even though they are minority races.Health, socio -economic differences and prevailing racist differences in health results in the USA. In New York, 34% of the deaths in connection with Covid Hispanics, which consist of almost a third of the population (Alobuia et al., 2020).
With regard to the knowledge of Covid, a higher percentage of the whites had a somewhat higher one to the USA. It is therefore easy to say that the majority of white information about covid was exposed to their Hispanic and African -American colleagues.Areas with a high population of Hispanics and African Americans obvious that the Covid virus had the right knowledge of the right knowledge.
An univariate analysis shows that African Americans and Hispanics have a higher attitude to covid, positive or negative than the white breed.Income strongly the attitude, and those with high income annually were fewer attitudes than low -income earners (Alobuia et al., 2020). Higher levels of education and political stands are some of the main factors that lead to a higher setting for whites than other breeds.
Hispanic and African Americans have a higher exercise rate than white in the United States. This can be attributed to exposure to the effects of the virus and not to the knowledge of the virus. In this case, correlation between knowledge and practice is minimal (Alobuia et al.,2020). Covid has affected many social norms and cultural practices in minority breeds more than white, hence the higher number of practices among you..
Many measures were taken to minimize the spread of covid. This guidelines can reduce the spread, but the right knowledge and a positive attitude can affect the relationship with covid.Minorities. Racial differences in Cape exist worldwide. In the Cape's caps connected to Covid-19, there is a racist and financial deviation. It is expected that further work distinguishes educational devices that have adapted to explicit racist and socio-economic groups.