I can say that I would sequence my genome for several reasons, even if it has a negative connotation, this information can cause fear and stress, but at the same time I can use valuable time to prevent a serious illness.Genom sequencing results from the perspective of science of essential importance, since they have the opportunity to either confirm the statistics of the majority of the identical sequences or to determine a new statistical outlier that offers useful scientific information for society.Also helpful in my family, helpful to prevent similar problems in children and grandchildren. In this case, the financial accessibility of this tool is of essential importance, and in my opinion it should sooner or later be available to most people on earth.However, such access should only be awarded after a detailed examination of the psychological nature of perception the results and the reduction of possible damage to the health of the participants.
My attention was drawn to scientific information that the structure of the genome contains predispositions for certain diseases and that this information can be obtained not only in qualitative but also in quantitative representation.C, g and protein; nevertheless they contain certain diseases (Sanderson, 2018). The uniqueness of the series leads to a variety of disorders in the body, including mental disorders (Sanderson, 2018).The sequencing of the participants can provide valuable information for the further investigation of the relationship between mental illnesses and genome structure (Robinson et al., 2019). A large number of diseases whose symptoms are detectable, but which cannot result in a complete picture of known diseasesare examined using sequencing (Robinson et al., 2019). The sequencing of the genome finally offers a fundamental understanding of some aspects of the causes of diseases that not only medicine in every specific area, but also for pharmacology, psychologyand other related sciences can give impulses.
I try to see my doctors every year to support and prevent health. I go to the gym to stay in shape. I have some back problems and had a severe heart disease as a child who was healed after youth.is of crucial importance of this procedure, since my parents could perceive a predisposition for another state with less focus through focus on heart diseases in childhood.Sequencing can help prevent diseases.
This information can be used in order to improve society in the following way. First of all, the type of serious diseases for each person is intended for each person for the purpose of prevention and care. In secondary diseases, unknown diseases with specific symptoms in genomics can be explained.For working with people with deviations, including psychological, in the future.If it is difficult to provide further control over the actions of a person who can leave his life unchanged or reject low disease risks (Sanderson, 2018). This tool makes it more accessible, it will still be difficult to be all people on theTo check planets what leads to injustices and social conflicts.