The study of historical facts about the case of imperies and republics still arouses the interest of many researchers. This is due to the fact that the acquired knowledge can provide valuable insights and help to solve some problems in the modern world.Work on how a series of races strong military races and conflicts between the classes influence the fall of the Roman Republic. I believe that both structural and individual problems contributed to their fall. This is because they are in a direct relationship with each other. A example can be the false decisions of the ruler about economic policy, which will lead to a downturn in the economy and the dissatisfaction of the citizens.This happened to the Roman Republic, where the causes and consequences of problems influenced the disappearance of the empire.
It was one of the main reasons in the case of the Roman Republic, which led to other events that were problems in connection with the economy. They followed after the end of several conquests and turned smoothly into political.Murder of Caesar thanks to historical sources. The Roman citizens no longer had to pay taxes in terms of the numerous expansions of the government areas. However, the assets led to open corruption in the elections, and the senators bought considerable contributions to the electoral campaign (Arena 1).These measures to establish various laws that worked towards the wealthy classes.
The figures that promoted the struggle for the rights of the people that had arisen due to the hole between the classes were the Gracchi. Bei -id brothers followed this idea and wanted to improve the life of the lower classes of society.The Gracchi also to confiscate land from the rich population, i.e. representatives of the senator class. With the help of this initiative if such representatives of the lower classes such as soldiers and farmers were moved. Another initiative was to provide the needy subsidized grain andto pay for the clothing of poor soldiers.
Another reason that contributed to the case of the Roman Republic were the optimates and popular.more on the support of the population against the ruling oligarchy. The authority of the Senate was therefore not based on the law, which led to the loss of legal control over the people.
Also important figures were Marius and Sulla, who are considered symbols for the formation of chaos in Roman society. The reforms of Gaius Marius concluded the Maniple System and replaced it with a single coherent unit. The consequence of this innovation was the formation of oneContuberniums.marius appealed because of his wish to rule the will of the crowd and despised the traditions of the Senate.that this was negatively threatened by the republic, it was also driven by the fact that the concentration of absolute power in the hands of a person threatened democratic institutions.These events are gradually the case of the Roman Republic.