In the XVI-XVII centuries, when the high Renaissance and baroque in Europe thrown, religion influenced the development of art in an undeniable manner.Based on the example of several specific pieces, this article is discussed how religion was one of the most important stimuli for the development of painting and was invested in the sub texts of many works.
Michelangelos Sistine chapel ceiling with stories from the book of Genesis is one of the greatest examples of the Renaissance painting. It is divided into 33 sections, each of which is painted with different scenes. The action of the Genesis book is shown in nine central fragments,While other rooms are occupied by the Old Testament scenes and the representation of the ancestors of Christ. Michelangelo originally had bright colors, but the colors faded and became darker after the restoration.What leaves a feeling of calm and size. The ceiling of the size of this work primarily reflects Michelangelo as a deeply religious and pious man.And the dramatic relationship between man and God (Gilbert, 2022). To fill a almost unimportant ceiling room with such a painting, showed a deep respect for the religious motives of that time.
Isenheim Altarbild von Gronewald was painted for the hospital chapel of the St. Anthony monastery in Isenheim. The painting was made for five years before Luther in 1517 held his Protestant theses on the doors of the Wittenberg cathedral, but it perfectly reflected the agony of the early 16th century. In this sense, Grunewald's tortured masterpiece is the exact opposite of the modern Italian works of the high Renaissance. During the crucifixion, the crucifixion is dark, although it is fatal, the other panels of Grunewald's lively Renaissance color palette and its unique images of the devil are characterized.Altarpiece calls on its viewer through his depression of the reality of suffering and lets her ask how "good" can get out of it (Aramini, 2018). The religious undertext, which focuses on the suffering and pain of the crucifixion of ChristPsychological influence on the viewer.