The correlation of the hero's fate with the development of society, which is the main difference of the tragedy genre, can assume a variety of artistic forms.It is a tragedy in which the plot is based on a conflict that captures a relatively small number of characters (Boorman, 2021). The most fleeting acquaintance with most mature Shakespeare triagia is easy to see the attention of the dramatist. This is the relationship between the fate of the characters and the course of the development of society. Shakespeare's great tragedies are most often the subject of death of the best people and their internal discord.describes by people whose honor was clouded.
In Shakespeare's piece Othello, the main characters kill their women to protect and restore their honor. During the piece, women have to obey their husbands to show real honor. Igo and Othello reflect this attitude towards their women: they give them a reason,Feeling true to kill her by killing her women.iago kills Emilia because she dishes him by unveiling his manipulation of Othello and Cassio.can be understood, both characters have their idea of ​​what is honor and how it manifests itself.
The only liberation of Othello from this doubt, which was relentlessly settled in his house and soul, is the solution to which he comes - the murder of Desdemona, but after Othello has achieved it, he learns that Desdemona is innocent that is innocentBoth victims of these monstrous intrigues are so cleverly woven.
"Why, something:
An honorable murderer if you like;
Starting from hate, but in honor.“(Shakespeare, 1975, 5.2.345)
These words are the key to the murder he committed: a man, for whom he is above all, he could not exist next to vice and could not allow that dishonesty remains with impunity.Has, he kills himself - cut his throat with a dagger.
Faith in humans is broken - this becomes the cause of Othos despair and at the same time the source of his loneliness. This reason a person decides that his whole past life and the attitude of those who are close to him were an illusionOthello that is not permanent, honest and moral in the world; everything in one person is unsure, chaotic and inconsistent. After Othello understood the law of this world, she fights in the name of the humanistic ideal of a beautiful, real, honest personIn every possible way. In a piece, the hero took extreme measures to kill his wife, who in his opinion has dishonored him. It becomes a metaphor and a message to an ordinary person that you have to fight for trust in life and people.It is necessary to eradicate everything that can negatively influence the further development of the individual. At the same time, Shakespeare reminds the ordinary people in the last scene not to lose their minds in the fight for honor, no matter how important it seems.
The advantage of Shakespeare's tragic soil is that it can still show how this or this passion grows out of the abundance of a naive human consciousness under certain conditions. At the same time it is a normal human passion in contrast to the writers of a mature bourgeois society (Carr, 2020). The Renaissance picture of Othello speaks much more directly with the feeling of every person - both for jealousy and for one who has never known jealousy. The potential energy of normal, natural human nature in Othello becomes aEnergy of the affect.