One should note that Chapter 9 explains some concepts and ideas about the future and progress of society and the state as a whole.To change better (p.321).essential concepts in relation to this phenomenon.
First, he states that different people, groups and societies can have different thoughts, ideas and beliefs about progress.These words combine massey the thoughts and ideas of some famous personalities. According to David Harvey, people strive to collect and increase material goods and frequency in order to improve the lifespan (pp. 321-322). Sends of postmodernity reflect these topicsAnd make sure that the contemporary world is the self -referential world, and modern times is a "tangle of myths". Especially in the age of consumerism, people collect in a river of several events, but they are not as happy as they want.
Lester B. Brown claims that a modern world is a chaos; earlier experiences determine further human actions such as future changes in the climate, the population, the amount of water, product prices and the states (pp. 322-323).absorb "technologies the soul of a person and deprive them of authentic, natural human characteristics. Tim Jackson believes that without economic and financial growth you can get advantages, since many other elements are necessary for humanity (p. 323).see some famous writers of dystopia only at the time of return to the remains and the legacy of the past and in unity with nature (p. 323).
Second, the author expresses the following concepts on the future of humanity. By their character and essence, people try to learn about themselves and others as much as possible about the environment and the future (p. 324).Is the likelihood of evaluating the future if we rate the actual objective factors and requirements.325) “Look at”. It was right because they had predicted the moments such as high technology, control, immediate data transmission and more.Part of it is advantageous and indispensable (p. 325). In the files of the government of some countries and some large companies, such a large amount of data is stored that it seems very real to create an image of future events (p.325).
Thirdly, the writer finds that progress and social change are a natural process and the course of things that are influenced by globalization and trends in terms of corporate behavior and thinking (pp. 326-329).It is not a role, since the human factor is one of the most basic and important (pp. 327-328). This is also affecting teachers, and their work is important for the development of the new generations (p. 331). For example, many helpOther non -governmental organizations of younger people, skills and skills to influence the problem solving, such as Teach for America or American (p. 331). Changes and shifts are a necessary process on which the government and people should work together if oneThe voice of each party is taken into account.333-334).