The metamorphosis of Franz Kafka is a great story about a young man who turns into a beetle and is detained in his own chamber, since apples that stick to his housing is thrown at him. Georg Samka awakened in a surrealistic world andDoes not get any compassion from anyone, although he has sacrificed his own efforts for years so that his sister could study music in the conservatory.What you actually feel about the young man.
While Gregor's family has never shown an affection for him, they treated him before his transformation at least as a person. After his transformation, they have become increasingly evil and distanced.Particularly warm connection, but at least they show him a certain respect so that he can continue to support you. If you suspect that he was late to work, check whether he is arriving. If his father is trying to wake up his childIf he doesn't work, he has a warning in his voice.
His sister is the only one of his family who comes to his aid and inquires whether he is sick. She tries to comfort immediately and help him in every conceivable way.his metamorphosis will be interested so that he can eat and feel comfortable how rotting vegetables, cheese, old leftovers and hardened bones.Samsa, his mother, is worried about the transition, overwhelmed by emotions and despair. She is her best to comfort and help him, but she can't stand looking at him. She tries her best in her sadnessTo behave in a mother, but it is difficult for her to overcome his appearance. Lord Samsa, Gregor's father, is uncomfortable and rude to become abusive. Herr Samsa has got used to Gregor, who paid for his family for his livelihood and for her survivalhas an angry about the shift, especially since this means that Gregor can no longer support her.
All family members began to abuse him after his transformation. With a newspaper, his father follows him back into the room. Gregor's father later violates him by throwing a piece of fruit on him, which leads to an illness, since Gregor can no longer work,His parents and sister accepted all the jobs to add his income. Grete is gradually losing the sympathy for her brother. She was most likely his close family member, but it is a burden for her. She finally informs her parents that she wantsthat Gregor has disappeared. He realizes that the best thing he can do for them die and he does.
Finally, Gregor's metamorphosis reflects a real approach of his family members for him. With the transformation, Gregor shows that he had the desire to be free from the duties that his father should be, his aversion to his profession and the associated packageTransformation shows Gregor's anger about the exploitation of the family and her irresponsibility not to contribute to family income.