The author introduces the reader Ms. Evergreen, who immigrated to Canada with her parents about 16 years earlier, and she immediately accepted two jobs as a supervisor.
She soon met her future husband and began to live together. In 2011 she had her first child and married 2014. She became pregnant again and had her second daughter in 2015.
Mrs. Evergreen decides to go back to school to pursue another career, but her husband remains reluctant because they only married a year earlier, but the husband gave in when a friend of the family agreed to the baby while at school.
She becomes a brilliant student and gains experience by providing free services in the community.
After completing his conclusion, she is employed in a beauty care group in which she quickly rises through the ranks to the position of the manager. However, the entire staff is released on the basis of state regulations of COVID-199.
During her house, she decides to start her company, so she opens the beauty business.
Her former employee hears from her move and goes to court, citing a competitive contract that Ms. Evergreen signed with her.Evergreen hires a lawyer to represent them, but they lose the case if the Court orders the closure of their new business.
Mrs. Evergreen is deeply traumatized and humiliated because the company rose steadily before closing.
The retention fees for the lawyers become unbearable and it has to continue to pay their weekly rent. The lawyers ask you to move the business, but she rejects her two children with Covid-19 at the same time how her depression reaches its climax, andShe even looks at suicide.
Evergreen begins to take antidepressant medication. The lawyers of Evergreen counteract Stella (her former employees) that she misused her during her time. Stella asks for evergreen, but agrees, even though she is reluctant to see her errorsAnd both agree to terminate the legal proceedings.
Evergreen is happily married and appreciates the support of family and friends throughout the torture. The shop has a thousand customers two years later and around 150 five-star reviews.
Mrs. Evergreen remembers the attempts and demands self -treatment and resilience in the tests and asks the readers to never give up, since all successful stories begin with challenges.