The article "What is new in the Caribbean for 2022" by Suri (2020) describes the revival of the Caribbean islands after the pandemic of Covid-19. In particular, the author mentions that the infrastructure in the region goes through serious renovation work and progress in order to get through oneTo attract even larger number of visitors when the situation becomes more stable. In 2020, the Caribbean travel industry experienced a devastating downturn, but in 2021 a significant share of international travelers chose the region as the destination. The author states that Americans are no exception;The reasons are the proximity of the islands and their relatively successful campaign against pandemic.
Suri delivers specific data to deal with the tourist advances of the Caribbean more deeply. According to the author's information, many visitors, mainly people from the USA, were given by its accessibility and an appropriately successful reputation in the administration of Covid-19 (Suri, 2021) drove into the Caribbean as a pandemic destination.reported on a significant increase in international travelers in 2021.
In view of the region mentioned above, the region tries to transform new visitors regularly in order to overcome the quarantine economic recession as soon as possible. This requires maximum renovation of the resorts so that they can remain sufficiently competitive.The most influential islands in their development. Latter includes not only tourist objects such as hotels or beaches, but also essential progress in other areas. Under these, energy is energy in which the Caribbean islands are complete self -sufficiency, transport, the supply of drinking water andwant to achieve others.
In order to complete its goal, the region must significantly increase its capacity, which means the ability to accommodate more people than possible. This requires additional apartments, air seats and attractions to maintain the guests.Refurbishing guidelines so that visitors can spend durable holidays in the region without worrying about bureaucratic problems.Stay. Determined communities find creative solutions to attract as many people as possible, including a cruise to Bermuda without a connection to other islands.
In order to provide factual information and illuminate ongoing changes, Suri provides examples of developers such as John Alexander. He intends to build more accommodation and will open the first glamping goal of the area, the Little Bay Eco Resort, on 54 hectares, with Zeltzimmer withAnother luxurious glamping resort, Paws Up Montana (Suri, 2021), are comparable. Another example is shown by the attitude of St. Lucia.In 2021, 20,000 additional flight seats received from the USA, and the development of new facilities already (Suri, 2021). According to information from the head of the state, Evelyn Wever-Croes, the number of tourists from Aruba began to recover in July 2021 (Suri,2021). The region now intends to invest around 153 million US dollars in 2023 in 2023 in 2023 to increase the accommodations.