Romance is a large -scale ideological and artistic trend in the culture and art of the 19th century, which replaced the cold rationalism of neoclassicalism and enlightenment.2020). The era of the heroes with robust, courageous, contradictory and sometimes rebellious characters has started in literature and art. This is numbers such as Byron and Prometheus, which either announce the size of man or become vulnerable in the hands of fate while passionsThey overcome. They go on hikes, climb the barricades, increase the banner of freedom and do not know peace.
Romanticism in painting rejected the rationalism of classicism and reflected the attention of the depths of human personality, which are characteristic of the philosophy of the romantics.Sensitivity replaced by dramatic manifestations of nature. It is not necessary to combine this direction with religious motifs - instead with the romance, distant hikes, travel, mysterious discoveries and even revolutionary struggle. In contrast to sentimentalism, there is no tenderness and tears in theRomance - it is the philosophy of the brave and strong.
The characters in the paintings of romantic artists resemble the heroes of literary novels: sensitive, often puzzling, sometimes rebellious, sometimes cruel and often lonely. Many creators studied the dark sides of human nature (Steiner & Foster, 2020).Artists at night, thunderstorms and mystic.
The main feature of romance as a direction in literature lies in the main conflicts and ideas. The main idea is the constant movement of the literary hero in physical space. This fact reflects the confusion of the soul of the hero, its flowing, continuous reflections and at the same timeChanges in the surrounding reality.
As in every artistic direction, romance has its conflicts. The entire concept is based on the complex relationship of the protagonist of working with the outside world. The main character is self -centered, but at the same time they rebel against the vulgar, basic and material components of reality (Steiner& Foster, 2020). This manifests itself in both the actions and in the thoughts and ideas of a literary character.The main character of Lermontov's work, the hero of our time, is the gap between reality and the idealized world in the heart of every piece of the Romanticism, and this gap has quite sharp edges.
An example of contemporary romance is the film "The advantages of the wallflower". The main focus is on the 16-year-old boy Charlie, which is surrounded by typical problems for his age: school parties, cool friends, relationships, unrequited love, drugs and alcohol andDepression in teen age. How every romantic character fights Charlie with the external reality that he does not want to accept. The most important romantic idea of ​​the film is that the protagonist is that Charlie matures and his view of the world, experience and environmental changes.Despite the fact that modern films can hardly be viewed from the perspective of romance, "the advantages of a wallflower" is a worthy example of a romantic work of art.