Russia today (RT) is widely known for its controversy reporting on various topics, in particular news in Ukraine. Several sources have repeatedly accused of spreading distorted information that forms a certain perspective.Principles dictated and which are also promoted by the activities of RT abroad. In such a situation, one can conclude that freedom of the press is not only in danger, but is practically unable to exist and is swallowed by political rhetoric.Situation with RT reporting on news about Ukraine through the prism of the Hutchin report via a free and responsible press.
As Hutchins emphasizes in his report, there are three dangers for news publishers and other media, first reduces the strong development of such tools the number of people who can express their will and transmit their opinion. This factor is reflected in the current RT activities, since only specialized people can publish messages through their portals. One of the most massive pro-Russian voices suppresses all other opinions and shortens the freedom of speech. According to HutchinsNeed.RT covers the news about Ukraine in a one -sided way, glorify Russia and constantly glorify to the failures of Ukraine, which exposes it in a negative light. During people, people want to use objectivity, RT uses its enormous resources forPropaganda. The third factor is the use by presses of the company condemned by company.
According to Hutchins, the state control of the press is the loss of primary defense against totalitarianism. In the context of RT and reporting on news about Ukraine, it can be determined that this media tool is a direct instrument for the spread of propaganda.Hutchins described dangers for the free press can be emphasized in the work of this structure, which shows its incompetence as a reliable source of information. If you apply this report to the situation with RT and Ukraine, the conclusion can be drawn that this news resource is not freeAnd the person responsible belongs, but promotes a clear political position that is sponsored by the Russian government.