The school-to-prison pipeline is a phenomenon that implies that the broadcast of students can cause it to face the punitive judicial system.Process AB.zum Example In 2017, according to the Office for Youth Curderability and Delinquency Prevention in the US Justice Ministry, "more than 230,000 children aged 14 years have been arrested" (Meek & Austin, 2019, Paragraph 7). This situation is for childrenParticularly sensible with learning difficulties and colored people.
Current school policy is one of the main reasons for the existence of pipeline, since even minor violations of the school rules are criminalized today. This strategy has been given the name "zero tolerance", which means that a person receives serious punishment despite the circumstances (AmericanCivil Liberties Union, 2020, para. 6). The youngsters are in situations that should usually be treated in schools.For example, the students can be reported to bring Nagelcipper (ACLU, 2020). The main cause of this phenomenon is the system of punishment that enables the pupil's suspension.Students excluded <…>, they miss the vital classroom time, fall back and are more of a matter of “(as in Kopas, 2020, para cited. 6).And offer flexible programs to prevent the appearance of pipeline (Kopas, 2020). The pupils about the existence of such a phenomenon to keep up to date and the discussion in classrooms also helps to fight the situation.
One of the most critical topics are concerns about the fact that children have learning disorders, since they are more frequent in the situation than healthy students. The most of their medical problems are untreated and thus lead to a deduction. In such cases, suspension is the most dangerous practice, sinceChildren from the educational institution are released and their parents normally cannot be at home. It is obvious that this situation is "the hardest: children with cognitive impairments, children in child protection and children of Aborigines" (Hopkins, 2019, ABS. 6).
One of the most serious problems the pipeline occurs are racist differences. The disproportionate ID cards of the school are similar to the well -known detainment rates. For example, data from 2014 show that "black children were exposed to 33 percent of all children, while <...33 percent of the total prison population ”(Meek & Austin, 2019, Paragraph 12). Researchers have found that schools with more black students have higher suspension rates (Nelson & Lind, 2015).Rating more difficult and more serious for you. The problem of discrimination due to breeds is a serious problem, as it is despite all the efforts of the fight.
An important question is the measures to solve the problem, and many experts propose to return to the process with "indigenous dishes, restorative alternatives to suspension and initiatives for the judiciary led by the community" (Hopkins, 2019, para. 11).In order to avoid the pipeline, there are some effective means, such as this, this can help to cope with the problem of the pipeline or to reduce the speed of its spread.
In summary, a school-to-prison pipeline is a serious problem in society. The system has a negative impact on the children, disturbs their lives and urges it to a crime.People with learning difficulties influence more than healthy white pupils.