The German massacre from 1972 during the Olympic Games in Munich was shocking for the whole world.Preventing extremists (Hirsch, 2020). Laut Spindlove and Simonsen (2018) on September 5, 1972, eight members of the Palestinian Black September terrorist group entered the village and "made it ... nine Israeli hostages" (p. 160)., to publish more than 200 Palestinian inmates from the prisons of Israel in exchange for the athletes who would be killed if their request was not met (Spindlove & Simonsen, 2018).So that the German military group opened the fire on terrorists and their hostages, which led to the death of all of them (Spindlove & Simonsen, 2018). This accident strengthened the anti-terroral agencies in Germany, while Israel reacted with the surgical interpretation of God.
Germany had to implement additional regulations that could control the immigration of Arabs and its organizations in the country to prevent similar tragic accidents in the future. The main reason why terrorists could penetrate the village was that the games had a weak security thatIt was unarmed (history, 2021). Theories indicate theories that Palestinian extremists received support from the administration of the Olympic Games, but this information was never confirmed (REEVE, 2018). Germany founded a GSG 9 agency thatAn elite-anti-terrorist unit became (Spindlove & Simonsen, 2018). The main task is to defeat terrorism and to save hostages in the event of an extremist attack (REEVE, 2018).Meeting with the Palestinian liberation organization and the leaders of the Arab world to prevent similar attacks through cooperation (Hirsch, 2020). This situation was not only for the German government, but also for the entire civilized community.The importance of fighting terrorism brought into the international arena.
Israel's reaction can be considered brutally because it was about hunting and killing the responsible parties, which named the operation with the emotional but relatively demanding title "Zorn of God". Israel's prime minister claimed that they have refused,to negotiate with the terrorists, because "nowhere Israel has the feeling that his life is safe" (history, 2021).Spread the Palestinian, Israel founded a special committee that had to identify and kill that were involved in the Munich massacre (Reeve, 2018). This surgery lasted more than twenty years with several victories and minor losses for Mossad (Reeve, 2018)This event was a terrible incident for the Israeli people and the global community.
In summary, the tragic accident, which took place at the 1972 Olympic Games in Germany, showed the existing security problems in the country. Since Palestinian terrorists aimed at Israeli athletes who died during the rescue operation, the Israel government reacted with its willingness that involved and groupsTo destroy..