Slavery was one of the most problematic aspects of human history. The slavery developed as a European commercial and marine settlements that required additional labor in the American colonies (Harris, 2018).With slave work in all parts of the economy, from sugar production about harvesting and researching raw materials (Harris, 2018). The practice of slavery in British -North America can be characterized by the way colonists viewed people.
Since slavery gradually spread throughout America, every area had distinguished.By combining the international slave trade with rural and urban slave markets (Harris, 2018). The Slaveri practices were regarded in Boston as the first place where someone tried to force people to earn money (Harris, 2018). Massachusetts issued the first law of slavery in British -North America (Harris, 2018). During the practice of slavery throughout America, the work roles did not vary greatly (Harris, 2018).Domestic workers or for agriculture and produce commercial goods (Harris, 2018). Colonial regions have conquered people to force them to work, but the slavery practices seem to be different from how the settlers looked at enslaved people, be it for trade, profit oras legitimized property.
Although slavery in colonial America was an important source of work, people were also widespread.To search for economic possibilities and hope to live better overseas (Delao, 2021). The servant often worked to cultivate tobacco and build up the economy, with the indication of culture and society in North America influencing (Delao, 2021). Colonial regionsHad different work, but some had to work, while others did this voluntarily.
In summary, the practice of slavery was characterized by taking people and considering people as a workforce. Regions often regarded the enslaved people as goods for trade or means to make money, but they did not consider them as humans.However, not only represented by enslaved people, but also by indisturbated servants who willingly arrived in colonial America to look for work to improve their lives.