introduction
The occurrence of material and monetary resources is the start and starting point of the formation of a bottomless and broad gap between several people. From now on, the world has divided into "two camps", and individuals are not only physical, personal or mental features, but also classified by the principle of specific advantages, today there are both rich and poor citizens in every country, and sometimes the relationship between them is exceptionally remote.Live society. The commitment is an essential sign of a mentally rich, deeply and generally thinking person who has not lost any human and compassionate properties.
Reaction to the ideas
The main ideas and the thinking of the passage are self -feeding, commitment and selflessness, regardless of the amount of money and the availability of precious objects. Laut Andrew Carnegie requires every prosperity to the parts and return to those who need extraordinary help and support.recognize for the entire society. If the rich continue to be wealthy and the poverty of others will be rejected, this will lead to the entire society, and the rich themselves will also suffer.are obliged to use their skills and means to combat poverty and help people to leave the deprivation.
Undoubtedly, the achievement of wealth does not require inheritance, a lot of effort and time, but this does not always bring the desired happiness, and this reflection turns out to be much later. Many people who realize that wealth does not make them happy,Can't give up their habitual lifestyle. It is therefore worth understanding what you really want. For example, Carnegie realized that money is not a goal or even a means to achieve it, but only an accompanying attribute.Mann the necessary amount to take the time, not to pursue money, to live in pleasure, to enjoy the quiet flow of the days and to live one day.
Diploma
In summary, every well -deserved good requires commitment and dedication. Due to external or internal factors, people have the opportunity to have enough money and means for the best life. Carnegie has worked a lot, but there is a high probability that the man is highThe right time and the right place have reached. I realized in good time that wealth did not bring him luck, and you can also have joy and pleasure with the help of "small", friendly gestures - sharing and commitment.