The differences between the possibilities of simple citizens and the residents of the Capitol offer the serious problem of differences in the social class in hunger Games. The worst thing that happens to humans is that they are used to entertain those from the upper class.Suzanne Collins illuminates the social inequality between the residents of the twelve districts of Panem and the wealthier part of society in Capitol, concentrating on the cruelty of the so-called hunger games.
First of all, the story revolves around two characters, Peeta and Katniss, who live in the twelfth district of the panem and suffer from the cruelty of the Capitol.To worry, "District twelve. Where they can starve to death in safety" (24). Catnis' Family is more than poor, so they have to hunt in illegal areas to get food for her sister and mother. The family of the girlHas no amenities in your house so that you cannot even take a shower or clean your clothes properly.can buy.
In contrast, the Capitol thrives, while people work hard in Panem to survive. In fact, the upper class does not share that they are missing from food, designer clothing or technology to live their best life.The Capitol has a chic car, a discount and everything that people from the twelve districts could not even imagine. The capital is full of common and two -facing people; they appreciate the appearance and clothing about the personality: “They operate in the capPeople appear younger and thinner ”(124). In terms of information, Collins emphasizes the main goal of the Capitol that makes the life of Panem worse and suffers people (38). The twelve districts do not even have the opportunity to get a decent training,Since the Capitol cannot afford a rebellion from your side or people who can doubt their authority.
However, the leading annual entertainment for the residents of the Capitol are hunger Games, to which the selection of two representatives from each of the twelve districts is selected for their lives.to replace her sister, which is randomly selected during the ceremony to take part in the hunger Games. Catnisn and her neighbor fight for her life when the capital only watches her fights on television and screamed: “Happy hunger games! And like themOpportunities are always in their favor ”(78). The most worrying is that the upper class is of the opinion that it is an actual honor for the participants, and also during the games when they are sponsored, the necessities are availableOverall, the Capitol only takes care of its well -being and uses ordinary people from the lower classes in the districts, for entertainment where they starve, falling out and killing only to survive this horror.
In summary, it can be said that Suzanne Collins presents the reality with which the people in Panem have to deal every day to survive and care for their families, while the Capitol thrives on their struggles.that it is appropriate to torture the same people as they only enjoy their fun. The fact that all fear of the Capitol constantly shines over Panem, makes Catniss a selfless hero who fights for their people and fears that they are thereloses your life.