Black Lives Matter is one of the significant social movements that influence the human understanding of the breed. It is obliged to eradicate systemic racism in America. This phenomenon, for example, includes racist prejudices in police officers and judicial injustice against Schwarze.Black Lives Matt contains different branches in moreAs ten American states. A movement arose after the senseless murder of African -American teenagers. A year later, a dish spoke of five white people and only one black woman, over the police officer. The decision of the court led to massive protests by the African American population.
The Black Lives Matter movement is not about individual defects, but about the perceived general injustice of the American system, capitalism and the supremacy of the White.Black Lives Matter and its leaders were definitely part of the American tradition.to the history of democracy and the founder of individual rights.with black skin color (while the black population in the United States is about twelve percent).
The Black Lives Matter movement can be described by the relative deprivation theory. After Ferris and Stein (2020), this theory explains the action of the disadvantaged or oppressed group of people who try to protect their rights.Expression of the government and society. This social movement deals with the compensation of the rights of black and white -men. Black Lives Matter has contributed to a significant change in the world.they are withdrawn as members of society.
This movement is widespread worldwide and in question the order of current society began to understand the extent of the racial problem in America.The Black Lives Matter movement has proposed society on a new level of moral development. The need to promote racist and cultural acceptance has been emphasized.And other countries do not lead to democracy. It is caused by the fact that each contradictory side is looking for a dictatorship for itself and wants to explain their own rights through public mass protests. This global problem requires smarter and large -scale decisions.
Thus, the Black Lives Matter has had a significant impact on society.To determine racism can be seen as part of a self -defense reaction. If white people admit that people with black skin are the same, they will be in a tub in the global world in a tub of the global world.Should superior peoples be willing to share prosperity, mobility or social capital with the geduced people. Approaching people believe that racist inequality cannot be completely eliminated because human nature strives for dominance towards others that are achieved by the comparison.Problem of social inequality in all countries and must continue to fight.