Social movements are largely associated with their managers who represent the wishes for changes that have to be made. Charism and leadership qualities are the key to make individuals successful or not to transmit their messages to the public.should be, Martin Luther King Jr., who was the leader of the movement for black rights, and Alicia Garza - the founding member of Black Lives Matter.
In Dr.King's speech he talks about his vision of the future for black. Its speech is full of rhetoric on the basis of faith and claims that she is not only a human but also divine right that individuals are the same (rare facts, 2017). In his vision, individuals would be individualsAll colors and racist backgrounds in the USA live as equation in the USA instead of being suppressed. Alicia Garza's speech focuses more on what is happening now than on a vision of tomorrow (Center for Constitutional Rights, 2015).how black people and especially women are suppressed in today's white people dominated by men, how they earn less, die more and, among other things, are more in prisons.
When comparing Dr.King and Alicia Garza can be seen that King is a much experienced speaker. He is used to talking to a larger audience and has a greater luggage of practical experience that you can rely on.Gravitas, whereby the first part of the speech sounds like a kind of saga, while the second slowly causes a rousing emotion from everyone you hear (rare facts, 2017) .Alicia Garza's speech tries primarily to inform the publicFull of facts and statistics, and it seems to be trying to keep all numbers in the head.through her actions, but overall she gives the impression that a student keeps a presentation in front of a class.- on women.
That of Dr.King selected location was a church in the Lincoln Memorial. It was a symbolic place for several reasons - first it offered a feeling of discipline and protection because it was a place of faith. It helped to convey the message in two waysBy referring to Lincoln's struggle for the liberation of the slaves and the will of God that all people were created equally (Greenberg & Page, 2020) .Alicias Garza's location looks like a place for a Ted talk, there is nothingSpecial. However, alicia has the advantage of social media to spread the message that reduces the importance of the location for collecting people and the spread of the message.
Both speeches relate well to the audience for which they are listed..Alicia Garza's words are primarily aimed at black (Center for Constitutional Rights, 2015). It was an education in the institutional and systematic injustices with which they are confronted, and asked these people to join in the world.had a different purpose for themselves - King's was a rally scream in the whole nation, while Garza was one of many speeches in an ongoing campaign for BLM.