In Emily Dickinson's poem "Hope is the thing with feathers" you can see the passionate, deepest, masterful nature of the author.Dickinson lived, seemed separate from these events, but even in it they mourned their dead sons. This fact also affected the work of Emily Dickinson, and it is that the social meaning of the poem “Hope is the thing with feathers“Reflected.
The poem is dominated by the vowel sound [i], the hissed deaf consonant, the tonal consonants [l]. The vowel sound [i] is associated with blue, green -these are the colors light, joy and calm: "I have heard it in the most delicious country "(Dickinson 1). At the same time, the positive image of" most delicious country "is a metaphor, which means that the north struggles with the slave system.Pain must be the storm ”(Dickinson 1). In the imagination there is a picture of the struggle of two tones, the struggle of the dark and bright colors (Parker 22).reflects the struggle of the north and south.
The text of the poem changes ascending and descending tones. The start takes place in words, the hope for the defeat of the slave owner Society ("Hope", "and Cute") (Dickinson 1).The words "from me" sound with increasing emotionality (Dickinson 1). The rising sound is in the poem with the descending, and this conveys the ups and downs, emotions and feelings of the lyrical hero.conveys the mood of the fight against society in slave owners.
The key pictures of the poem are: hope, sou1, ga1e, storm, bird, extremity. This is characterized by the relationship of the central image of the poem ("hope") and the lyrical hero with the surrounding world (Dickinson 1). "Hope" inThis poem is personal, something that lives in a person's soul:
"Hope" is the thing with springs / the sessions in the soul (Dickinson 1).
A bird with feathers is a traditional symbol of freedom. By adding wings to the image of hope, the author shows the importance of the result of a large-scale event of the war of the north with the south for every person for the freedom of an individual.
Verbs that create the image of hope stand in the current form of time and express the continuity of action, Constance ("barches", "singing", "never stops") of the fight (Dickinson 1). Like the confrontation between a slave possessionAnd a free society has been in combination with the adverb "Never" the verb the consistency of action.Poem uses words that show space, natural phenomena: "ga1e", "storm", "strangest sea", "extremity" (Dickinson 1). This is associated with danger, fear and pain.Created, a similar attitude is transferred to the central image of the poem on the lyrical hero. This way, the tension atmosphere that exists in two parts at the moment of the split of American society is transferred.
"Hope is the thing with feathers" is a socially important poem, since the image of hope in the form of a small shy bird conveys the worldview of thousands of Americans in a difficult historical period.To convey the time of the north with the slave ownership in the south.