I have selected a certain type of work that is not universal for most people. I decided to write about the teaching profession or the skills as a kind of work. For most people associated with production, teaching isAn additional job that is assigned to the main thing. The main employment is the personification of a person on the labor market. However, people like to teach and have a sincere interest in the possibility of exchanging knowledge and experiences with such people is a real interest.
The details of the work of the teacher include the transfer of basic knowledge of the profession and the mandatory support of the student in his first professional experience. Psychological support and trust in an even inexperienced person are essential in such situations.The teacher closely combines his immediate professional activity (drawing, dancing, shoe repair) with communicative and emotional aspects (Kosuri, 2018). This reason this type of work cannot be selected by most people because they feel too exhausting.
The teaching profession has always been prestigious and sometimes even symbolically loaded, especially in eastern mentoring culture. The modern social context leaves this profession to the most respected.Hat, the importance of this type of work for society is colossal, although in most cases it is not visible to the human eye in everyday life. Examples of mentoring inspire people to take measures, to work hard and to pursue their stubborn goals.
In addition to the spiritual role, teachers play an essential socio -economic role in every state. In formation in a developed society, a strategic basis for future state is a public good that every government has to offer at a high level.Representatives of certain social classes within the state and representatives of the country within the framework of international cooperation.People who want to try it out in this area, another qualification (Sociological Dictionary, 2017). The qualifications that their teachers once received are no longer sufficient in society, and some older teachers feel unable.
Plato's statement applies to this type of work, since the selected type fits exactly into the state model, which is described by the philosopher as an approximately., 2017) .emile Durkheim made a similar statement, but combined a clear division of labor with simultaneous cooperation. This explanation refers to medieval factories, small companies with the division of labor and manual production (Sohn-Rethel, 2020).Woven into social mechanism and works clearly according to your tasks or in a group (Todd Armstrong, 2018).
The teacher alone can bring significant advantages to the local company, the city and country lessons. It is important to understand that such a specific type of work with other types is almost not compatible.
According to John Locke, a position in one of his guys should promote mutual respect for humans. Yeders deserve the right to use the shared resources and to collect their own.Not even contributing to the result, it creates a kind of intellectual product. It also makes the topic of intellectual property by John Locke Related (Jones, 2017). As a result of the invention of methods and concepts that are not physical or material products, teachers can well -deservedLose resources in copyright violations.