In 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment faced a cyber attack from North Korea before the interview was published, a film that discussed the personality of the North Korea dictator Kim Jong un., Sony also stood a threat to the terrorists that several theater that will show the film are attacked. The reaction of Sony to the threats was the breaking of the film's publication and switching into video-on-demand-outlets.that it creates a dangerous precedent of a large company that submits to the film that is submitted by terrorist orders.can become.
In my opinion, Sony's answer was appropriate for the situation, since it could be recognized as the use of the opponent's weapon against him. During the terrorists used cyber attacks to steal the information of the company and destroy its equipment, Sony changed publicationOn on-demand platforms and streaming services, which enables a quick and widespread publication of the film. Since on-demand videos are easier to pirate, the film copies of the film quickly spread on the Internet, which makes the film more easily accessibleand more in different countries and segments of the population, it turned out that the action of the film was more attractive as a satire and influenced the opinion of the public about the earlier threats from North Korea. In the opinion, the reaction of Sony wasAppropriate to attack for the situation and went politically to several concerns.
While the case is complicated by a real terrorist threat to the population, there are certain things that Sony and the US government can do differently in order to discourage future such attacks on other US organizations.That the interview is a satire that has no connection to reality and does not threaten the political regime of North Korea.If the company determined a negative precedent of a large company that prohibited the terrorist demands.
In view of the role of the government in the case of Sony, the problem of the problem of cyber security in both government structures and in large company companies would have had to draw attention.Cyber ​​security policy for the government organizations have contributed to preventing other attacks in the future.The US government unveiled similar potential threats in the future the cyber security problems that contributed to future cyber attacks.
In summary, the case of Sony's reaction to the cyber attack shows how important it is to identify the problem and its consequences. The case also shows how a creative approach to a problem that concerns several concerns is not always the right choice.In addition, preventing terrorist violence and cyber attacks in the real world requires a collective effort of the US government and corporate organizations.Sufficient budgeting can develop organizations more advanced cyber security and monitoring systems and implement them in a short time, which prevents future terrorist violence and cyber attacks in the real world.