introduction
This presentation focuses on how three different news sources report on the 2022 Olympic Games in Beijing. The three articles were published in Sports Illustrated, ESPN and CNN. The focus of the three pieces is at the final ceremony of the Winter Olympics, which took place in Beijing.The Olympic Games are a big event in sports at a global level, since athletes from many different states can present and present their skills and potential. The review of this event and the way in which different news sources write about it can be checked.Compare approaches to reporting and different political and social positions.
The first news source is Sports Illustrated and the article is entitled "How to use Winter Olympic Closing Ceremony: Live Stream, TV channel, start time" and written by Carter (2022). In this article, the author writes about the clothing ceremony of the Olympic GamesWith a focus on the American athletes who have won medals and will be present at this ceremony.To glorify the American team and emphasize the winners like Elana Meyers Taylor.
The second article on the theme of the graduation ceremony of the Winter Olympics is the published by ESPN. The author is Hamilton (2022), and the title of this article is "Winter Olympics 2022: Highlights from the final party in Beijing". This article mainly focuses onThe reaction of social media to the games and its final ceremony, which is shown in Figure 1. Hamilton (2022), also mentioned the controversy about these games due to the continuing pandemic, which continues to affect people.Compared to the first complex and covers a broader spectrum of topics, including the social and political factors associated with the 2022 Olympic Games.
The last news source, which also reported on the final ceremony of the 2022 Olympic Games, is CNN. This article was written by the CNN team and contains little text and a variety of images that describe the final ceremony. The title of this article is "in pictures: The Olympic final ceremony in Beijing ”(2022), which explains the focus on the photographs in contrast to the text. A example of this is shown in Figure 3 above. Before presenting the images, the authors briefly discuss what the Olympic Games areThe purpose of the previous Olympic Games affected by Covid 19 pandemic and other background information.
statistics
The statistics support various characteristics that are connected to both the Olympic Games and globalization. The 2022 Olympic Games performed in the three regions of Beijing, Yanqing and Zhangjiakou with 12 competitions.-T -locations that they have probably not so far been aware of. The events with up to 24 official rights that were present at the Olympic Games have been widespread.Reporting and news in the sources we observed. In 1952, accredited press employees were present, of whom in 1491 came from non-impression organizations.520 news agencies and 602 photographers who were operated during the events.In reporting on massive global events such as the Olympic Games.
2022 Olympic final ceremony