Caterpillar Inc. is a leading global equipment manufacturer for mining, oil and gas, construction, railway and industrial industries. The company has three operating segments: the construction industry, the resource industry, energy and transport. The first and last segmentsachieve the greatest income in the consolidated income structure of the company. Caterpillar Inc. also offers financial and associated services through a number of subsidiaries. The company regularly carries out external audits and SWOT analyzes to rate its effectiveness.In the case of the defects of the organization to identify in good time and to remove them immediately. I think these measurements are practical, and the company's successful work on the global market confirms this.
The organizational structure of the company is directed by an board of directors and a global management team, which works on monitoring the actions, performance and management guidelines of the company. Caterpillar Inc., which had suffered from competitors in the mid -1980sNew to build internal responsibilities. The Caterpillar board of directors currently has 11 employees (Lysak et al., 2020). This number enables one to diversify the experience without hindering the practical discussion or reducing the individual accountabilityThe department head, if something went wrong, the managers of the central office for everything.Fabrits and test sites.
The organizational structure of the company is more of a traditional than the Holarktis. The company does not form autonomous groups and teams within the departments, but centralizes management in the main office (Lysak et al., 2020). This helps the company to make global decisions and itsImplementation to meet effectively. It is also important for the management team of organizing an organization to identify external and internal environmental factors. This is important to effectively compare your activities with the business of competitors and to win a competitive advantage on the marketEnvironmental factors also show in which direction the company has to develop in order to meet the changing market. At the same time, internal factors make it clear to the management of the company how quickly it will be able to increase efficiency with increasing competition.Understanding the internal environmental factors helps to understand the internal problems of the company and provokes work to eliminate it. Ye less weaknesses have an organization, the more opportunities you have to take a competitive position on the market and last as long as possible.
The global presence of Caterpillar, a wide range of products, a comprehensive package with related services and financial strength enables it to take a leading position in modern competitive markets. The company reacted to changes in internal and external environmental factors by introducing additional advantages,In order not to lose its leading position. Under these advantages, there are devices that are characterized by high performance reliability and minimum total operating costs for the entire service life (Lysak et al., 2020).To expand the number of medium -sized managers. The individual dishonesty is divided into several further connections, and errors in the work are recognized and eliminated even faster. A innovation will also have a positive impact on future business decisions, since it is included with the inclusion of a larger numberinterested employees are met.