Modern trends in the international markets for goods, services, work, capital and technology enable every competitive company to find its place in the global economic process. However, it requires certain practices and conditions to fulfill the political, economic and cultural expectations of the global company.One of the main principles is the understanding and implementation of the course of global company management, followed by leading international companies.
Sun City has outstanding prospects in the current global trend of active tourism and water sports. The economic side of the case is particularly attractive due to the growing popularity of the entertainment industry. For many countries, including the United States, this is one of the largest income and investment sources (Wilson et al., 2021). The surfing gains considerable popularity on the market: In the middle of the Covid 19 crisis, the world market was rated to $ 2.7 billion in 2020 and can do $ 3.1 billion by 2026Achieving (Surfing. Global Market Trajectoria, N.d.). Such a profit has the risk of attracting a large number of competitors. In view of the increasing competition, the Sun City Management has to focus better on customer -specific focus.
From a cultural point of view, this is also an exceptionally profitable investment. This area of ​​outdoor activities continues to gain popularity and promotes the global idea of ​​an unassailable environmentally friendly vacation (Wilson et al., 2021). The International Surfing Association argues that around 35 million peopleSurfing for leisure and sports purposes (surfing. Global Market Trajectorie, N.D.). Tourists on popular surf spots can create disturbing mass tourism, and the global market urgently requires new goals and sustainable technology.And a profitable cooperation with existing global brands. The 7 top surf brands worldwide include quiksilver, FCS Fins, Rip Curl, Billabong, Hurley, O'Neill and Volcom (Surfing. Global Market Trajectorie, N.d.).Careful attention to global environmental trends can bring Sun City loans and public favor.
The political side remains clear, since the states still have a priority for the vast majority of local and foreign tourists and investors due to their stable global position (Wilson et al., 2021). A serious setback is the Coronavirus pandemy thatEntertainment sector continues to endanger considerably.