Bjurström, Erling and Hylland, Ole M. (ed.). (2018). Aesthetics and politics: A Nordic perspective on how the cultural policy is negotiating the agency for music and art.
This scientific work tries to find the primary sources of rock as a culture. The authors relate to ancient Nordic society and analyze their way of life, moods and their character.The researchers to the conclusion that it is impossible to identify the only source of the genre, but it is worth taking into account the entire society as a whole.In one way or another, rock motifs and melodies have invented the world. The authors emphasize that the genre should be viewed as an independent stage in the development of art and not only in the field of music.
Mazel, Aron, Charette, Carole and Nash, George. (Ed.). (2021). Indigenes Heritage and Rock Art.
The authors of this book have a global and large -scale study on the role of rock motifs and certain musical instruments in life through primitive societies.To connect. This enables us to conclude that the religious meaning in rock culture is one of the main causes of the formation of a whole movement., but also the entire lifestyle associated with it. An important addition is the selection of researchers of the most popular and first melodies through sounds and notes as well as the identification of a close relationship with old cultures. The conclusion of the study is that Rock has its own clear laws and regulationshas for the implementation that comes more than 1000 years ago.
Moore, Allan and Carr, Paul. (Ed.). (2020). The Bloomsbury Handbook for Rock Music Research.Bloomsbury Academic.
This book is not a study of the genre itself, but a guide for the methodology of the study. The authors compare and contrast the instruments with which this music area has been researched.The opposite, it can search for conjugations and relationships.that only an objective, exploratory and multifaceted approach can bring the right results.
Smith, Heather N., Perrone, Alyssa, Wilson, Michael, Raghanni Mary Ann, LoveJoy, Owen C., Rosen, Merri J., Shanbhag, Sharad J., Deforrest, David S., Lyman, Lee R. and Eren,Eren, Metin I. (2021). Rock music: An auditory evaluation of the Knapps. Network.
In this article, the phenomenon of the popularity of rock music under all on earth is examined.Wood and later electric musical instruments., which is regarded as the basis of the study, in which rock music is seen as a separate language of self -expression and the cultural context.
Šajnović, Melanija. (2021). Rebellic sixties: countercultural values ​​in rock music.
This book examines the relationship between culture and rock as a music genre. It is remarkable that the authors consider the basic sounds of English culture as the basis for studying and introducing the genre.Image of different epochs is not so much a relatively modern trend in art and culture, the book offers theory and analysis of the origins of rock music and its development.to reveal to the World Heritage.