Suicide is one of the serious problems of modern society, the relevance of which is typical for countries with very different socio -economic conditions, cultural and religious traditions. One of the most self -avoiding age is the youth (button and marsh 13).Unrequested love, conflicts with friends and parents and school problems are very experienced. The prevention of suicide behavior is one of the most critical and complex problems in modern society. Combinations of microocial reasons and individual psychological characteristics of the person that cause suicide forms of the reaction to psychologically difficult circumstancesthe individualization of the work, especially at risks of students.
If the teachers carry out a conversation with the teenager who thinks about suicide, the following steps are recommended. First of all, it is necessary to listen to the interlocutor carefully, since teenagers often suffer from loneliness and impossibility to serve the soul. Secondly, it is important, importantTo formulate questions correctly, calmly and clearly in order to ask the essence of the disturbing situation and about what help is needed.Teachers should not use statements that the child feel unnecessary (Coleman 56). It is necessary to give the teenager hope. It should be realistic and aim to strengthen his strength and skills.The following tips help to change the situation.
The first step is to make suicide, to listen to the teenager who has decided, to listen carefully and to understand all the efforts to understand the problem behind the words.. 6).Has activities, this can be a cause of alarm.
It is worth paying attention to everyone, even the small complaints and complaints. The teenager cannot get to his feelings and hide its problems, but at the same time in a state of deep depression. To prevent a teenager from committing suicideThe parents in the child cultivate the habit of telling his parents not only about his performance, but also about his worries, doubts and fears (Kweon 167)..
In summary, it is deeply individual to prevent preventive measures to prevent suicide in teenagers. The work with the teenager should be carried out by both the teacher and the parents.To speak. If the teenager has the feeling that he or she has a safe place to speak openly about his worries, it is less likely that he will commit suicide. In conversation with depressive children, it is important to serve your concerns seriouslytake and show commitment and interest.