Tesla joined the automotive market with energetic leadership, intelligent marketing and high -quality products and cut a considerable share for itself. The company inevitably puts it with other car dealers, including Giants such as Volkswagen and Toyota, which use another retail modelDuring the competition and the increased offer, the selections that people have positively influence, monopoly remains a way to be attributed to the same sinful nature that has already been recognized in biblical times.
Overall, Tesla's entry into the automotive market affected the situation for the better than the ordinary customer concerns. On the other hand, it added another car manufacturer to the list of the list of another automobile manufacturer and therefore increased the possibilities of making customers available.In contrast to franchising, the focus of direct sales creates a different purchase experience, which also makes it easier to choose.
With regard to the natural market forces, an increased offer is also a positive factor due to the entry of Tesla. The dynamics of the economy ensures that with an increased offer and an approximate stable demand, the equilibrium is gradually moving down, which means that theWere more accessible. In this regard, increased competition also affects the options, albeit indirectly, since lower prices ensure that more options can exist for the same output level.
Apart from that, the drive in the direction of monopolization with all its harmful effects of the consumer remains. The simplest biblical explanation for this drive is of course the sin of the greed that drives people to maintain more than they may need.The monopolistic suppliers try to increase their prosperity at the expense of consumers by depriving them of the competition and dominance of the market, which is hardly Christian.
In summary, it can be said that Tesla's competition with traditional car dealers has a positive impact on the options if the consumer is involved.The industry would prefer to monopolize the market by eliminating a competition to satisfy its greed.
The person I interviewed for this order was my mother, a pious and conservative Christian woman. She is not so much interested in the automotive market, and her answers were largely influenced by common sense on this matter.of a new company in the market is generally good because there would be more selected options for people. They didn't have much to say about the natural market forces that shape the mechanics for offer requests on the automotive market, but it was assumed that theCompetition was good as long as the companies were honest. They even cited sayings 1:11 - "The Lord loathes dishonest scales, but the exact weights find favor with him." That was the way to express their aversion to the dishonest and corrupt competitive practices.
Speaking of the desire to monopolize the market and eliminated the competition, and compared it to the pharaoh, which the Jews administered to the Jews, as described in Genesis 47.In her view, it is not mere greed that drives the desire for monopolization, but the desire for power drives and control. After it means creating a situation in which people cannot choose and only buy and mean by a single supplier,To do the servant of people, like the Pharaoh that would do the servants of Jacob's sons, if not for Joseph.