A bar diagram refers to a plan or a diagram in which various data categories are compared with rectangular bars, either vertical or horizontal. The rod length is proportional to the values. The New York Times published a newspaper on February 10, 2022 and an article "How the pandemic influenced the weddings ”and individuals used the graphic to show annual weddings from 1970 to 2022.There were 2.1 million weddings in the USA annually, but inim first year of the Covid 19 pandemic in 2020 there was a decrease of 38 percent to 1.3 million weddings (Osisanwo, 2021). The main aspect of a diagram thatIt makes sense in articles, the summary, which is published in the section discussion and analysis section. In the above-mentioned article, for example, the graphic has practically summarized the most weddings with few guests in 2020, since the state restrictions for COVID-19other weddings were moved.
Contextually, diagrams give a clear visual impression of the most important aspects discussed, which means that the data understood by the reader or researcher. In 2021, the COVID-19 restrictions such as social distancing were relaxed, and there was an improvement of 1.9 millionWeddings compared to the previous year. The decline in several weddings has taken care of the fertility rates of the countries in accordance with the article (Ososananwo, 2021). Diagrams are used to communicate information and to maintain the articleer.If the reader helps to predict the future wedding trend from the previous data. The reader receives a clear picture of the article presented. It also includes large data on a smaller page.
Simple, standard and scalable are the critical elements that make the diagram valuable in the content of an article. Simply refers to how easy the variable can be interpreted.Should be standardized and not complex to understand the understanding, it also creates consistency between article organizations.Use correct diagrams when the visual scalability is increased. Finally, the diagrams are easily given the reader in data comparison and analysis.