"Bang Bang Baby" can be referred to as science fiction musical because it contains elements of both genres in an exciting act. After I had first seen the trailer, I was surprised by the energetic nature of music and the characters in the filmThe main actor of the film is a young lady named Stephy.Sie dreams of becoming a famous singer; her alcoholic father disapproved, but disapproved of her dreams. The history of history takes place in a small Canadian city in 1963.In addition, the film reminds of the era of the 1950-1960s in American Pop Music (Perone 34). The clothes, hairstyles, costumes and decorations all indicate the Teddy boy trend, which was common in the 1950s.
After a film, however, it turned out that it was a bitter and depressing experience, since topics described in the film are much lower than from a preview. At most, the director managed to achieve the surrealistic and magical atmosphere by realityThe events of the scenes questioned in which Stephy wakes up from her dream. Per sleep is used as one of the main transition instruments in the screenplay of the film, since Stephy is sexually molested while falling asleep. Then she wakes up in her house with Bobby Shore and when sheNext time wakes up in her bed, her whole life is different and she is pregnant with a strange baby and sleeps with a man who has raped her. So I think that the film is the mature of Stephy and her sad story, her dreamsLetting go from the singer of the cruel external circumstances.
In addition, the film is filled with charismatic dialogues and jokes that mainly come from the famous singer Bobby Shore. He is a stylish young man who looks like Billie Joe Armstrong and Elvis Presley. He is quick -witted and chic, but somehow he feels flat, because his intentions are vague, but a jokes of my favorite jokes in the film come from this figure when he says: “Yes, people love casinos, they are ideal for playful.“It is dark and cynical, but it dramatically represents the type of man Bobby Holiday.
The music in the film plays an important role as in every decisive point of the film that begins the song. One of the most heartbreaking for me when Stephy sinks at the petrol station when she finds out that all of her dreams are ruined and that they have a life withA man lives that she hates. Another remarkable thing are the purple vapors of the chemical system near the city.Back to the sad standard. The mutations of the city dwellers are grotesque, which is a fantastic feeling of film. The camera work in the film is also remarkable because it often uses composition techniques from films from the era of the 1940-1950s.