The case of Bridgestone vs. IBM shows an example that shows the importance of communication for the cooperation between companies. Shortly, the American subsidiary of Bridgestone asked IBM to develop an extensive business system that is able to use a large order volumeTo process. The system developed by IBM was published far before the latest development steps, which led to millions of financial losses and the deterioration of the images of both companies.In significant projects and how improper execution of extensive projects can influence the call of the cooperation between companies.
Firstly, in the definition of what could do each other differently to improve the results, you immediately found that both companies had problems that disabled their work and left them unknown.Tried several times by other providers, which caused additional obstacles that were not previously discussed by management. The obstacles led to delays in system approval, and due to the lack of understanding in communication, Bridgestone continued with the release of the unfinished system.Solution to Bridgestone, which could have improved the results sufficiently, was in this case to postpone the publication and give IBM time to end the system. During the delay in system release, the order data couldhave been saved for the existing customer base. In this way, IBM seems to insist on the system of the system.existing system concentrated.
Next there is a significant difference in the damage that public relations in this project caused the two companies. On the other hand, Bridgestone lost a considerable part of customers, business partners and brand supporters.While the development of the system was out of the competence of Bridgestone, Bridgestone suffered more losses compared to the failure of the project than IBM.The image of IBM, however, was harmed by the public relations work of the event when Bridgestone submitted a lawsuit against IBM. The BridgestoneCompany was not only charged with breach of contract and accused IBM of fraud when IBM's budget for the development of the system exceeded the original budget from Bridgestone.The project was missing. The reputation of IBM as a provider who did not fulfill its functions was the reputation of IBM, although the error of the system was Bridgestone, was more violated by the advertising of the event.
In view of the scope of the conflict between the two companies, it is surprising that both companies were made a mutual decision a few years later. A week before the jury was selected in 2018, both companies decided to drop their claims, although it was unclearwhether the companies have taken place in the decision (burden) of the companies.The companies deal with a better understanding approach in the acceptance of their mistakes with the negative consequences of the failed project than in the period of system development.