In general, the business case seems to be positive for the centers for diabetes, since the project closely matches the needs of the community and the goals defined by the Affordable Care Act (ACA). However, there are potential risks, as in the SWOT analysisshown that must be taken into account before the final decision. In this note, the risks for the centers for diabetes are described and suggest potential opportunities to alleviate them.
First and foremost, the idea of ​​a community health center that deals with the health needs of the community is closely with the value -oriented care and the goals of the community specified by ACA.to focus on how health problems are managed from the perspective of the community and not from an individual perspective. This is the risk of other health facilities that receive refunds from Medicare and Medicaid in the district in order to create a similar initiativethat diabetes in the United States is a common problem and that 10% of the general population and 14% of the Hispanic and African -American community concern.
The only way to alleviate this risk is to start marketing and public relations as soon as the project is approved, and there are funds to support the further phases of the company. This is where the community is familiar with the hospital and the centerBeing, and even if other similar initiatives occur, this center already has an established brand image that can guarantee that it will also have visitors.
The second main problem determined in the report is the conclusion, since the reimbursements, income and granting financing are not sufficient on the reviews in order to cover the costs for personnel and operating costs.An additional source of financing is available. There can be an option to reduce the costs, for example less community employees or the reduction in the expenses associated with travel to ensure that the funds that cover this center can ensure.However, if it is a better option to request additional grant financing, since it is important that this center meets the needs of the health education of the community in a high quality.contributes to reducing the number of complications and therefore the expenditure required for the care of patients with diabetes.support.
In summary, it can be said that this note identifies the potential risks with which the Center for Diabetes can be exposed.deal with the same health inequality. This problem can be solved through early public relations and marketing. The second problem is the financing problem, since the annual financial statements make it clear that the income and the grant are not sufficient to cover the operating costs.to create additional services, demand additional grants or ask for support from the hospital.