At the moment, despite all prevention and induction measures carried out in educational institutions, AIDS is currently quite widespread. Increasing the situation, the university administrations introduce various measures to combat the problem.To install. This work therefore aims to prove that condom donors are an effective measure in order to reduce the incidence of AIDS among young people, increase the credibility of college and to develop sexual education and sensitization.
As already mentioned, the Camden County College decided to install special donors in the toilets of the educational organization. The main problem was the ambiguity of the opinions on this decision. However, this initiative is of the opinion that this initiative is a positive role in changing dynamicsTransferal diseases and the acquired immune deficiency syndrome or AIDS can play. In the moment it is noted that the age of sexual activity is significantly reduced. Examination that “in a national representative survey under College students only 58% of sexually active students inLast vaginal business reported the use of condoms ”(The initiative of the condom board initiative paragraph 1).are “(Turner 2). This indicators are disappointing because the risk of a dangerous illness at the same time increases.
Limited access to protective equipment such as condoms is the most important obstacle in the fight against sexually transmitted diseases in young people. When installing donors, the incidence rate can improve significantly because it affects the problem directly.To buy contraception. A special influence in this process should be paid to the fact that the introduction and improvement of sexual formation is of crucial importance. It is important to convey the importance of compliance with the rules of contraception and how important it isis not to have promiscuitive sexual relationships. This enables a positive reaction to the installation of donors with condoms in the toilet. An equally important role plays the social factor that can hinder the success of the introduction of donors in condoms.meets or vice versa with abuse of the offer offered.
In addition, it will help to maintain the organization in this process in which the students rationally and responsibly use the resources provided by College. When introducing consciousness for sexual education and the importance of observing AIDS-related preventive measures-Students The installation of donors as a vending machine. The almost animal instinct, which leads to an incorrect attitude towards initiative and ridiculousness, will not be present.
In summary, this work was involved in the examination of the effectiveness of the installation of donors with condoms on the Camden County College. The main argument for this measure is the reduction of infection cases with AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.And to strengthen the development of sexual education.