The quick development of Internet communication technologies requires a significant legal basis that concerns all marginally aspects of the border between the privacy of personal data and limits for state inspection.has provided, but also the implementation of inspections in a hidden way, which violates the rights of citizens of the first change.
Firstly, the creation of a new right -wing base for electronic communication requires a complex approach, since the right -wing base can lose its relevance in a short time. Secondly, the data communicated and stored in the online area are exposed to several threats such as hacking and theft.Potential threat to society, since dangerous groups use internet communication to sell prohibited substances and weapons.
The potential threat to society is generally lower under state supervision. However, the restriction of the privacy of the citizens leads to a lower degree of freedom in the country and poor protection of the security of the citizens. During the failure to receive private information about the citizensThe prohibition of GAG orders enables the citizens to consent to the interference of the state into their personal data.It is therefore important to involve the arrest warrants for state inspections in the new right -wing base in order to withdraw the possibility of violating the privacy of innocent citizens. Throughout the state's concerns about terrorism and crime does not justify the violation of the privacy of the citizens.Time to change the ECPA or to carry out a new right -wing base for online communication in order to reflect the quick development of communication technologies and to offer citizens more freedom.
Another problem that contributes to complications in the revision of the current ECPA. In 2013 and 2015, the congress proposed legislation of ECPA revisions, but they have never made it through the legislative process.To make ECPA, the e-mail data protection law, which was supported by 272 CO sponsors, ended with the failure (Pegoraro). The government of President Obama said that revisions at the ECPA will impair the state's prosecution activities (Pegoraro).According to Calabrese, minor reforms are difficult to say goodbye, and potential conflicts of interest with the FBI and law enforcement system (Qtdd. In Pegoraro). The measures to revise ECPA due to long legislative farewell processes and potential interventions in the activities of the law enforcement system were not taken.
In summary, the case of Microsoft shows why all media organizations Microsoft in complaints against the United States should support the provisions of the ECPA.The main goal of the company is to protect the interests and rights of customers through the first change, since the support of the customers ensures the income of the media companies. With the growth of cloud technologies and the widespread use of servers in other countriesData storage already has problems to acquire data from large companies. If the current legal basis is not checked in the near future, companies will use more servers in other countries to guarantee their customers privacy.Inevitably confronted with the consequences of the ECPA revisions and possibly lose access to critical information that reduces the security of citizens.