Summary
The human brain is the most complex organ and system that exists that has a very limited regenerative characteristic, which has aging to an important factor for its deterioration.Replace and differentiate brain to use them for therapeutic purposes. Working work: Nerve stem cells must be used as a therapeutic measure to slow down or stop the aging process due to its rejuvenation and differentiation skills.
Galiakberova, A. A. & Dashinimaev, E. B. (2020). Neural stem cells and methods for their production from induced pluripotent stem cells in vitro.bounds in cell and development biology, 8, 1-20.
The study examines how neural stem cells differ in various forms of mature neuronal cells, including neurons themselves. Pluripotent stem cells or PSCs are the best candidates for the in -vitro generation and extension of neural stem cells.Phenotypes when it comes to the differentiation process, which is why a strict setting of the state is critical..
A. Lazutkin, O. Podgorny & G. Enikolopov (2019) .Modi of the division and differentiation of neural stem cells.
Research analyzes the process of hippocampus neurogenesis, in which the focus is on the life cycle of the neural stem cells.The upright preservation of neuronal stem cells such as calm. The source will be very useful to provide information about the complicated process of stem cell pool maintenance.
Navarro Negredo, P., Yeo, R. W. & Brunet, A. (2020). Altern and rejuvenation of neuronal stem cells and their niche. Zell stem cell, 27 (2), 202-223.
The study focuses on two key pools for neural stem cells in the brain of mammals: the sub -fertricular zone (SVZ) and the dentate gyrus (DG). The location of SVZ is lateral ventricles, while DG is in the hippocampus.The fact that neural stem cells for the rejuvenation of the brain and the health -promoting interventions are of crucial importance. The source provides a mass of valuable knowledge and literature analysis.
Oberier, K. & Alvarez-Buylla, A. (2019). Nervous stem cells: origin, heterogeneity and regulation in adult mammalian brain. Development, 146 (4), 1-15.
The study focuses on the process of cell specialization and differentiation in rodent brain. The key elements include molecular control, heterogeneity and regional specification.Including data about how neural stem cell pools are maintained throughout the development and maturity of the brain.
Petrik, D., Jorgensen, S., Eftychidis, V. & Siebzehnrubl, F. A. (2022). Singular adult neural stem cells do not exist. Cells, 11 (722), 1-22.
The study expressly focuses on adult neuronal stem cells because they produce new neurons throughout life. The authors deal with the recent findings in relation to precursor cells that can renew themselves. The factor of heterogeneity plays a central role in the long termHealth of the brain by zeller set. The source is useful to illustrate the relationship between neural stem cells and other cells.
Tang, Y., Yu, P. & Cheng, L. (2017). Aktuelle progress in the derivation and therapeutic application of neuronal stem cells.zellod and illness, 8 (10), 1-12.
The source provides a summatic overview of transplantation processes in relation to neural stem cells. The current state of progress in this area is faced with a number of problems.The practical aspects of implementing the anti -i properties of the neural stem cells in the human brain.