The introduction of new genetic technologies with which people can localize and modify genetic codes has received many mixed opinions on the technology.Problems that could occur in the widespread use of genetic modification programs such as Crispr. In this essay, some important moments from videos, an article and a film are examined that shows the topic of ethics in genetic engineering and defines arguments against genetic modifications.
First, Paul Knoepfler suggests in his Ted Talk that the genetic modification of human babies is similar to their price, quality and status features., more closer than it seems, the author also explains that the scenario is only developed to emphasize the influence of such powerful technologies. In reality, it is more likely that the genetic modification will help people become healthier byGenes who have genetically transferred diseases, eliminate. I think that it is necessary to remember that human evolution has taken a long time and that all interventions from outside can disturb the balance of human existence and become a potential threat.
Next, another video for Crispr technology suggests that the genetic modification has been one of the priorities of science since the discovery of the DNA.Technical revolution (in short - in short, 2016) made it significantly reduced the total costs of genetic modifications, and now genetic modification experiments can be carried out in every laboratory. In the opinion, such an availability of technology is more of an error than an opportunity,Since a wide implementation of the technology through false people can lead to laboratories for genetic modifications underground or backstreet.
In addition, the article by Caplan et al. (2015) is examined how even non -human genetic modifications could cause damage to the ecosystem.To stop the spread of diseases; however, the process will have unpredictable consequences for the population (Caplan et al., 2015).examine potential consequences thoroughly.
Finally, the concerns expressed in science fiction literature and films in the videos and in the article were examined much earlier.To be practiced in a control regime. For example, Gattaca is a film published in 1997 that focuses on the future, in which genetic changes become the basis of the social organization. The film emphasizes the errors of the system because some privileged valid people have imperfections that do notIdeal people and the in-valid people are inherent, have more physical strength than their perfect counterparts.To limit the efforts of the individuals.
While the genetic modification could be used to eliminate defects such as hereditary diseases, genetic engineering should not be used in humans due to potential threats for the population and ethical concerns.Confirmation of the division of the company into supporters and opponents of genetic changes.