In this chapter, Joseph Campbell writes about the importance of female figures in the adventures of the heroes. In particular, he states that "the lady of the house of sleep is a familiar figure in fairy tales and myth" (Campbell, 2004, p. 101).Statement means that the narrative would be incomplete without such a character and the men would not be motivated to pursue their goals in adventures if there was no ladies missing. In the crime, the final goal is important to overcome difficulties on the go, and the reward grantedShould be comparable to the challenges. The thesis confirms that the specified feature of heroic stories is one of the cornerstones of the narrative of this kind.
In order to support this point of view, the author puts this quote in the context of the popular legends. For this goal, he draws the origin of this approach from the ancient Irish oral tradition and in particular "the history of the prince of the lonely Isle and the lady of Tubber Tintye"Back (Campbell, 2004, p. 101). This method helps him to determine the common elements of all similar literary works and consequently to support his suggestions with credible evidence. In this case, these components include the challenges with which one can imagine, to start a trip, the detailed description of the difficulties on the way and the ultimate victory, accompanied by a beautiful woman.
In view of the context and the general importance of the quote, it can be determined that the selected expression implies the presence of similarities in all fairy tales and myths in different cultures. This means that female figures in these pieces are generally powerful and their meaning is no lessIt is important as that of male heroes. Da Prince and Warrior in all literary works of the genre are willing to fight against Monster and overcome numerous obstacles to achieve them, this opinion seems credible.Sleep, their perception as inactive characters who depend heavily on their rescuers.
The main reason why the selected quote is the main claim of the text is the inclusion of all details of this part in one sentence. For exampleSleep and wait for the male heroes to save them in their locks. It is not more important that the fact that the author emphasizes the familiarity of these characters with the reader is also of crucial importance for interpreting the messages of these literary works.Ende the quote explicitly determines the genres, which are reported on the characteristic discussed.
In summary, the selected part of the text, written by Joseph Campbell, is a convincing piece of writing that is characterized by its combination of short and complete.Male heroes to overcome obstacles in their adventures. The reference to famous legends for the context declares the author that the development of this feature lasted for centuries and is still available in contemporary works.The review of this part of the book showed essential details on this topic.