The immigration stations of Ellis Island and Angel Island are locations with great historical importance. Bis Today, these places hold stories of millions of immigrants who drove through the doors of the stations between 1880 and 1930.During this time, Ellis Island was the largest and most busy immigration station for people who came to the USA, mainly from Europe. It was interesting for me to find out that many women were arrested by the Ellis Island officials, as before the secondWorld War I was not allowed to enter the country without men. It was also interesting to find out that children under the age of 16 had not been allowed to enter the country without a parent.have not passed any medical inspection, were also sent home from the train station.
It seems to me to be surprising that the ward officials managed to inspect so many immigrants every day. The photos and videos that were kept in the archives of the station show that the number of people was incredibly high. Another fact,The one seemed to be interesting for me is that the ward officials could separate children from their parents if they didn't think they were actually related. Lucy Attarian remembers the day, which she and her family have the inspection on EllisIceland passed, the official did not believe that she was related to her parents.1 Her hair and her general appearance were different from yours, and the official told them without Lucy, but she started crying after themHe believed that she was her daughter. The officials were careful because there were many orphans with the families of other people.
Although the Angel Island immigration station was often referred to as the "Ellis Island" of the West, the conditions at these locations were very different, as well as the treatment of the incoming immigrants.from China, and the Chinese exclusion law of 1882 had introduced strict regulations for immigrants of Asian origin. Many of them had to "have been detained, quarantine, questioning and even deportation".led that diseases spread.
The walls of the barracks are full of desire that are mainly Chinese poems. The people expressed their fears, dreams and hopes for the future in these poems, and this seems to me an extraordinary example of how art also hopes of a person in the darkestFor most people in the barracks, these were the darkest times for most people: they lived in uncertainty and fear of deportation, separated from their families, without knowing when they wanted to see their loved ones again.With certain professions and people with relatives in America, only allow to enter the country.were often inappropriate and excessively detailed and too specific, even if family members know from each other to know them.“From this a name for those who managed to pass the extremely challenging surveys, although their relationship with the already established immigrants was fictional.