In the modern world, when all countries interact closely, events such as war have a significant impact on the global economy.Disorder of the global supply chain. Since Russia is considered one of the most extensive cyber warfare, the global cyber aggression can become a great economic threat.
In the present moment, the main concern for the global economy is the disorder of supply chains caused by Russia that are committed to war. Russian suppliers are distributed all over the world. More than 2100 in the USA and 1200 European companiesSuppliers from Russia or Ukraine. In relation to indirect suppliers, however, the number of organizations concerned increases significantly and reaches around 200,000 companies in the USA and 1,50,000 companies in Europe. The indirect effects of the conflict on the global supply chain are deeply, which is tooRising prices for different materials and goods.
The war has a significant impact on goods and materials. First of all, Russia is the largest wheat exporter, and Ukraine is one of the world's leading corn exporters. The result of its economic isolation can be a price shock for food in the countries that depend on Russian and Ukrainian exports.Second, the invasion of the supply of metals and raw materials from these countries has an impact, which is a significant threat to some production companies.In -depth supplier of minerals.
In addition, natural gas and oil prices are located, which leads to increased transport costs and expensive electricity. Since natural gas has become an essential energy source, the limited range of Russia can lead to financial difficulties for manufacturers and other electricity-dependent institutions. For example, Germany is highlyDependent on natural gas in electricity generation and production, which makes it susceptible to a lack of gas.As one of the leading oil producers, Russia made many companies Paranoid over the global energy supply, which has led to oil existing activities and significant price increases in the fuel.
However, experts suggest that the main threat to the global supply chain and economy can be caused by Russian cyber attacks.Russian hackers already used such a cyber technology in Ukraine in 2017.The attack led to a malfunction of the tax systems and the disability of industrial plants, which caused the damage of $ 7 billion for different companies.
In summary, the war can create many economic challenges that are particularly destructive in the modern intermediate world. Political conflicts can interfere with the global supply chain and cause the prices for materials, raw materials, food and energy.the considerable economic concern of today's war associated with the risk of damage to cyber security.