introduction
The changes in the attitudes of people to romantic relationships and especially in marriage are characteristics of social development. From this perspective, the trends shared for gen z are incredibly informative and therefore used to analyze the situation in this area (Klein, 2022).It is clear that the way of thinking of the individual is formed under the influence of external circumstances, which implies the correlation of opinions about love and sex with the presence of threats to personal well -being.You either neglect the human factor or the environmental conditions. One of the articles dedicated to the topic is: "Are there is more pragmatic about love and sex?" And his critical analysis can show the elements of effective writing that are more complex for considerationEvents are determined.
Summary of the article
In the selected piece, Jessica Klein tells the tendency for representatives of gen z to postpone the marriage and avoid long -term relationships and at the same time prioritize personal issues. In comparison to previous generations, these people do not consider this area as a natural condition for theEntry to adulthood, and at most the advantages of individual life are more attractive than settling down and helping them to satisfy their need for self -observation (Klein, 2022).
Second, people in this group pursue a pragmatic approach to the matter because they understand the need to gain stability in life to have a family (Klein, 2022).and prefer to think about the type of person with whom they want to be together and they want to carefully select (Klein, 2022). In the following, the processes in this area slow themselves down considerably and the main focus on themselves in contrast to interactions with othersThe changes that have happened to this part of human life.
Answer
Proof
The examined article is an effective letter based on the inclusion of evidence from numerous sources, both qualitative and quantitative nature. So clever (2022) refers to several studies that relate to the investigating topic, including surveys that are under target population andStatistical data collected by official institutions.
This approach for the task makes the results more credible compared to a possible orientation of the information obtained from the participants and consequently confirms the reliability of conclusions for the implementation of further research.Studies (Klein, 2022).
External and internal factors