Religion is one of the most important elements for migrant troops. Religious beliefs and rituals combine people with common roots in the United States. The religion of the Jamaica West -is the chosen cultural element. According to the interviewed, Jamaica West Indian islands are, practicing methodisticand Anglican traditions the branches of Christianity (methodist against Anglican n.d.). These two directions are more connected than with other religious Christian traditions. Methodism is more common because it offers a greater focus on spiritual practices, since the Anglican Church is more formal. JamaicaWest Indian immigrants also bring characteristics of their culture into the Christian religious traditions, which are reflected in the integration of music in the worship, which is not characteristic of the original branches.
In the respondent's home country, the methodist and anglican traditions are extremely common.The roots of the Christian faith in Jamaica come from Europe and together with the methodist and Anglican churches there are "Roman -Catholic, Baptist, Presbyterian, Steuertecostal, seventh day Adventist, Moravian" (Faith, N.d.). It is also important that the island is also importantMore churches per square kilometer has than any other country. This fact emphasizes how important the Christian belief in its various traditions is for the local population (FAITH, N.D.). In addition, several educational institutions in Jamaica and non -profit organizations are from the Christian Church (FAITH, N.d.) operated. In Jamaica there are official Christian religious holidays, four of which are also associated with services.
Jamaica West India of the US immigrants does not differ much from local practices on the island. Diamond (2021) in the material reports of the PEW Research Center, which are currently practicing black immigrants to the US Christianity to a greater extent in the USABorn blacks most often tend to practice the Protestant religion (Diamat, 2021). The most of them visit existing churches of different denominations, including methodist and Anglican.Offer religious practices. In general, it is typical of Jamaica West Indies to visit communities that have the properties and properties of the Caribbean churches.
The religion of Jamaican immigrants in the United States has accepted some changes that illustrate transculturalism. An important characteristic of the Jamaican religious tradition is the "inclusion of music and praise and worship" (Beacom, n.d..)West Indies -Music is used to set the rhythm for the entire service. The migration development groups are now traditional Christian changes in methodist and Anglican tendencies with indigenous characteristics.From Jamaica West Indies. This change identifies the need for groups of immigrants in communities that have a number of specific characteristics.
The religious traditions of Jamaica West Indies are similar in both the United States and Jamaica. Jamaica is a country in which Christianity in all its forms is extremely widespread, which is widespread for this group in the United States religious practices.Strotz of the practice of methodism brought Jamaica West Indies a special feature of their worship in the form of the use of musical instruments. Jamaica West Indies bands use music to set the rhythm for religious services, which distinguishes their practice from traditional branches.