An extraterrestrial invasion is a famous act in literature, but ndedi okorafor enriches it with some important details. In his lagoon, the author Lagos, one of the most populous world cities, chooses the center of the invasion.is described as a mixing location (Okorafor, 2014). This statement means that the world is full of contrast and a state can quickly become in another.With the rich mixed. This information shows that the narrative will concentrate on a change. The topic given is also discussed in the prologue about Chapter 1, but the admission of bar beach to convey this message is less direct, butStill important way to do this.
Ayodele is an alien who comes to earth to establish contact, and the author is dependent on certain means to describe the character..Laut Okorafor (2014) Adaora experienced both attractive and repulsive feelings, while he spoke to the extraterrestrial. On the one hand, this information means that Ayodele is a human reemblum character, and this function is attractive for others.Appearance and exaggerated mannerisms, and these facts believe that there is something wrong with Ayodele. It seems that Okorafor (2014) has decided to make the specified character contradictory, and Adaora's reaction to its presence shows this fact.Description of the alien necessary to convey that it is not known what is to be expected, what is expected of this creature.
Another significant detail refers to a personal space that is shown by the laboratory of Adaora. The author offers a detailed description of this place with which the character analyzes the extraterrestrial tissue (Okorafor, 2014). It is possible that adaora is always possibleSpends a lot of time in your laboratory. Should admit that such a personal space is a common characteristic of numerous scientists, engineers and designers who represent the other fictional works.a philosophical experiment with variables to analyze unknown phenomena or events. This is why many science fiction works offer their heroes such rooms in which they can carry out their experiments and make fateful decisions.that is considered, perfectly fits other pieces that represent the same genre.
Finally chapter 7 contains the line "We are changed" and the author explains the essence of the genre perfectly.Bioengineering, extraterrestrial life and others are possible if people invest a lot of time and effort in improving their knowledge and skills. Okorafore Lagoon is no exception to this list, since highly developed technologies have made an alien invasion.mention that the present literary work is aligned with numerous other texts that represent science fiction. This information shows that Okorafor has enriched its work with both characteristics that are traditional for the genre, and specific elements that own the novelare.