Shakespeare's piece of Macbeth was shot by large directors from all over the world. The film analyzed here was published in Great Britain in 2010 and staged by Rupert Goold. Inhabent the British gave the most important number of macbeths adaptations. This version of Macbeth does not applyAs the most respected and discussed, there are many great properties to be in the area of ​​the best films based on Shakespeare's pieces.
The most important attractive part of this film is the actor who plays Macbeth's role in the film. It is Patrick Stewart, the well-known actor for his role in the X-Men film series.stewart has done an enormous work to do the depth of Shakespeares MacbethFeeling in the gestures, the type of speaking and delivery can be felt the two -sided nature of this Scottish general. During Stewart Macbeth's strength and strength, there is also a feeling of susceptibility and restlessness in character. What concerns the other actorsI don't trust them before I watched the film. The actor, whose style and play I liked, is Kate Fleetwood as Lady McBeth. She looks really bad and scary due to her icy manner.
The design of the costumes and locations is very modern, which has changed this adaptation of the original. During Shakespeare's play in Scotland in the 11th century, the design of the film is similar to the events of the 20th century. It is unusual, such a kind of author isto see that "read" the piece of the play, which everyone knows from school, it seems that Goold wanted to analyze the totalitarian regime of the 20th century through the prism of the play of the 11th century. The most remarkable scene is thanThe man, whose face was not shown, observed the military parade of troops similar to the Soviet or National Socialist marches. The film shows the film a large hall with a portrait of Macbeth that is decorated in the style of communist leader (Stalin or Mao Zedong).
According to the era of the first half of the 20th century, the costumes in the film Macbeth are sense. What affects me, almost all costumes are similar to the clothes of the NKVD officers and the uniforms of the best guidance during the great terror of the 1930s.Macbeth's uniform and Stewarts mustache in the first part of the film very similarly like Joseph Stalin looked. A further unforgettable costume is the clothing of three witches that were portrayed in the film as nurses.more fear when the film develops.
After all, the way in which sound and light are used can be interested in many of the viewers of Macbeth. The soundtrack of the film is constructed in such a way that the intensity and the worrying feeling are increased by the plot of the piece.and frightening noises that can appear on every film bon. Different screams, sudden distortions and only loud noises keep the horror aesthetics on a high level.Special feature is that the director tries to show the uncertainty of the characters by using white -black costumes. It creates the color dichotomy, which seems to have a hidden meaning.
In summary, it can be said that the version of Macbeth from 2010 demonstrates the amazing mix of medieval Scottish history and shameful events of the 20th century.At the same time, it seems to think that Gould has not managed to move away from the central figure of Patrick Stewart. Other actors, except Kate Fleetwood, were in the shadow of the great actor.