Today Merrill Lynch's research department is an integrative environment in which a lot of attention focuses on talent development and work culture. I think that I would feel very comfortable to work in this type of environment, especially because junior analysts are just as valuedBecome like senior -analysts.To feel people as part of something important and encourage them to learn and achieve their goals.
As mentioned above, cooperations are an essential part of the research department of Merrill.candace Browning, Head of Global Research at Merrill, places great emphasis on the development of initiatives to promote cooperation between the research analysts.pull in which everyone acts as a silo in a Merrill Lynch franchise in which nobody is greater than Merrill Lynch ”(Groysberg & Vargas, 2007, p. 4).Increase between analysts. The main obstacles and challenges refer to the difficulty of encouraging local industries such as retail and real estate to work at a global level.2007, p. 6). The company continued to work on the development of various forms of cooperation.
It can be argued that one of the most successful cooperation was a cross-asset research cooperation. This implied that analysts from various sectors and securities combine their efforts and perspectives to better understand the company's goals and strategiesIn the Merrill Research Department, also leading to valuable analyzes of the connections between different types of assets in certain industries (Bank of America, N.D.). These analyzes were referred to as capital structure reports and were very valuable for the company because they had significant success with customerswhich increased the importance and credibility of the department.
I believe that the analysts will continue to participate in collaborative work in the future because it has been shown that there are important advantages. Firstly, it helps to build up trust between the employees and improve the flow of information.More effective communication with customers, however, certain challenges can arise, since it can be difficult to coordinate a large number of people who are working on the same projects.To participate in initiatives.
Taking into account these and other challenges that may occur, it can be proposed that Browning should concentrate on developing the opportunities to facilitate communication and interaction processes between employees.and to express the ideas of improvement. Clar views and strategies have to be determined, and management must ensure that all participants have a similar understanding of the goals and possibilities of the department to achieve them.Currently head of the Bofa Global Research ("Weekly market trecap report of the Bank of America Global Research", N.D.). She works on the possibilities of providing customers around the world.