Studying the literature of earlier times can give valuable insights into the organization of society and the views of social, political and other problems. This work examines the literary work of Franz Kafka, "Metamorphoses".is relevant and can be applied to society several times today. The main problem of this answer underlines the problem of loneliness of people in the world, despite the simple idea of ​​a good life.
Before the relevance of the examined work discusses, it is necessary to understand the conspiracy. This will tell "Metamorphosis" by Gregor Zamsa, an ordinary seller who realizes one day that he has turned into an insects of enormous sizeThe story focuses on his attempts to adapt to the new living conditions. Family members include him in a separate room and feed him; later Gregor dies of poisoning.
Therefore, "the metamorphoses" can easily be attributed to the current society. Examinations show that "it no longer follows the methodological analysis of souls, but the inner disorder, the secret of the existence of the character" (Balaban 235) is the most strikingThe problem of the loneliness of the people. The fact that the main actor had a family for whom he took care of and supported was left alone.It is impossible to understand that they have only lost one of their members. In the modern world, people also suffer from loneliness, which is particularly provoked by the development of new technologies. Individuals are increasingly included in their separate worlds and no longer listen to theto interact close people themselves.
In conclusion, it must be underlined that Franz Kafka created his works as modernity during the time. It is characterized by the destruction and confrontation of established social norms. The author of "The Metamorphosis" focuses on the problem of lack of love and lonelinessPeople who can be related to the modern world. Dive the fact that this problem cannot be identified immediately experiences many internal suffering from such feelings.