The stories written by Edgar Allan PoE always fascinate the reader for various reasons and always fascinate them. My "Murds in the Rue Leichenhalle" is a unique story about how a non -human murderer disclose a lack of criminal investigations and the importance of observation and attentionfor the details could underline. The intrinsically confusing crime causes the reader to provide a variety of questions about the apparently contradictory proof, a lack of means and motif and a superhuman mutilation.Schach of the secret moves - the analyst with all the answers.
When a crime scene is analyzed, people concentrate on the presence or the lack of evidence, and Poe complicated the case through contradictory facts and notes. With a metaphor of chess frivolity, the author recognizes the reflective intellect as a useful tool in detective stories (POE,1841) .Dupin emphasizes the need to use elements such as voice quality or the placements of subjects in the room in order to prepare the reader to move another piece onto the chess board.
Despite the lack of motif, police officers prefer to arrest someone to demonstrate the effectiveness of their actions. Dupin does not want to follow this questionable and ineffective example and make another decision to remove mistakes (POE, 1841). The most criminalsare motivated at least through some personal interests and needs, and the situation offered missed a reasonable or even inappropriate motive.
Finally, the examination of the murdered bodies shows non -human mutilation that should be taken into account before they accuse someone of crime.is one of the last steps in chess game with which the true answer can be found.
Human murders turn out to be a symbolic visiting map of poetic stories. His evaluation of criminals and detectives is unpredictable and tempting. The fight against contradicting evidence, a lack of motif and inhuman mutilation helps to solve the case.The reader, who observes the entire situation on the chess board, remains puzzled that analytical thinking and no quick conclusions can be sufficient to reveal a truth.