Treatment of people is a difficult task, and even the most competent doctor will not do it alone. Hospital is an essential connection in the work of the medical system and the rescue of the life of the population. As I think about my past, I find events,that led me to the profession of nurse. The experience of the people forms their character and thoughts considerably, which determines a lot of life decisions (Woźniak, 2019). My experience under different circumstances helped me to recognize my calling. This situations in my lifemay seem usually, but for me they have become central and those who prove that all events do not collapse at all.
Problems of difficulties and challenges that people face, such as global problems and similar concerns, have come to mind since childhood. I asked me again and again what could be done to change something.to change the world, the environmental protests, the invention of technologies that will save the ocean.who led me to the profession of nurse. For me medically and carefully, the world for better change.To change the world.
Many of us had some experience with illnesses and even in childhood hospitals. A situation happened to me - I had to stay in the medical center for several days. I was afraid and worried, but there was a nurse, especially at night,Those who managed to calm me down and support me. She even let me call her under her name Tina, and I had the feeling that we became friends. I always remembered with joy and when I grew up, I became clear, I realized,How valuable and important their actions were for a small child. This situation was the second reason that led me to the profession of a nurse - I understood that there are many people in the world who, like me, the same support and the same comfort at the timeneed and I can give them.
We have to deal with illnesses and injuries not only under hospital conditions, but also under emergencies under other circumstances. Family members, friends and even strangers can suddenly be sick or injured, and it is necessary to take measures quickly - after all, it can be from a few secondsHanging up, saving a life. I saw my friend breaking his arm. We were lucky and there was a person nearby who could provide help, and the ambulance reached quickly. For a few minutes I feltHowever, I was helpless and confused-I wanted to help, but I didn't want to harm, which was another reason that caused me to become a nurse. Earest-help skills and even simple help in measuring the pressure can be life-saving.
Therefore, there are some important events and long considerations when making decisions behind my decision to become a nurse.Want to be friendliness, attention and support are what our world needs, and these characteristics can bring well -being to the population.