The visual argument is published in a one -sided distribution of a newspaper. The visual argument is aimed at the general population to tackle the ocean dumping.and environment. However, there is less awareness of deep -sea boring and the effects on the habitat and human life in the oceans and along the coast.People and aqua drilling. The topic of the argument is to stop deep-sea drilling. My request to make it clear and direct so that the audience would understand them without misunderstandings or appear additional questions about the content of my visual argument, I will be with a picture withHelp of text habitats and life.
The core of the argument is the environmental impact of deep-sea drilling. The core argument should question the dichotomy of the man/environment. Tiefsee drilling form a very high risk of oil pollution that is catastrophic for marine and contribute to climate change. The continued use of the extraction methodleads to an increase in sea level, the extinction and decline of sea life and threatens the landscape environment and human life. The core argument will highlight the possible future disasters after extensive deep-sea bores. The visual argument is implicitly expressed in a visual picture and a sloganThe visual picture becomes impressive, catching, being clear and appealing for the audience, supported by the slogan.
The adequate use of fonts, styles, color and layout will attract the audience's attention at first glance.of disorder. A simple conventional writing in the slogan improves the readability of the augmentation. The slogan will be relatively large to emphasize the critical idea.A deep meaning and reflection of the image. The slogan summarizes the image to determine the core argument. Yeders first letter of the proverb is recorded to attract attention and achieve a convincing effect.
The picture shows a coastal area with drilling rods and large oil barrels that run into a large water body and an oil -soaked sea level.Sympathy and horror. This picture shows the direct effects of oil pollution due to the ocean drilling on the life of man and sea. The sea life with oil leads to an emotional attraction of the suffering that is added to the animals.Hubbing effect ocean drilling on human life. The presentation of considerable risks should react to environmental aspects about the money advantages of oil production (Meyer 5). The image should address the wider audience to give up the oil dependency and to take into account sustainable energy sources.