The project is devoted to the analysis of the Madonna painting, which the child was painted, which was painted by Francesco Botticini in 1480. It is one of the Masterpieces of the Renaissance that embodies the typical lines and techniques of that time.
The work of art shows that Madonna remains near the child of Jesus. She looks at him with passion and love while the baby looks at the virgin Mary. The composition of the paper is balanced.it moves to a child and his picture. The activity of the painting remains within the edges of the picture, as only the background landscape can be seen. The work is not monumental, but its size contributes to creating a certain composition with figures in full sizeHowever, the baby may seem too big, which can be symbolic to emphasize its meaning.
The colors used are neutral because the painter avoids using light spots. The total gamma is neutral, the heads of the closings and figures are the most remarkable elements. All colors are naturalistic because the painter has tried a precise picture of thisTo create both outstanding figures.
The picture also managed to create a clear illusion of depth, since the background is a certain landscape that also looks realistic. The main characters are in the middle and at the end of the composition, which helps to find it and at the same time find the backgroundTo see. All lines are clear and well defined, and many details are given clothing, faces and other objects shown in the picture. At the same time, the figures look soft and delicate. In general, the image fits into the stylistic time in which it was created in which it was created, as such motifs, colors and forms were typical for artists of that time. The artist wanted to show the human nature of Jesus and at the same time emphasize the purity of the whole family.
Overall, Madonna, the child to love, is a picture that perfectly demonstrates the style and ideas of this time. His central topic that the Virgin Mary and Jesus represents is one of the frequently used motifs of this time. The choice of forms,Colors and the entire composition are similar to other works painted by artists who worked during the Renaissance.