The case of the Piltdown man is a fraud that was presented to the scientific community in 1912. It was the part of the skull and the jaw with two teeth, which the author of this artifact, Charles Dawson, claimed the lack of connection between ape and humanHis (Kaplan, 2016). This discovery shaken the academic community at the time because it contradicted the entire science of human evolution. In 1953, scientific research explained as fraud because it found that it was a full skullDeveloped modern people acted, which was deliberately merged up to the lower jaw of an orang (webb, 2016). This extraordinary story seems to be impossible for modern science, since the methods for checking and reviewing various scientific discoveries are enormous.
It is difficult to understand what the intentions and wishes of the "authors" of this joke were because their biography is examined., 2017). What is clear here is that this case shows the errors of the academic world in the 1910s. The scientific world was a closed place, so it was difficult for a scholar to know the modern debates and features of research development. The case of the Piltdown man moved research in a completely wrong direction, so that the scientists recognized that the scientific information should be public and accessible to everyone (Redman, 2017).With access to the subscriptions of the university and the local library, it has the opportunity to avoid any deception that was in the Piltdown case.
Human evolution is a very long process of evolution that ultimately ended with the creation of modern people. The most lively example of this gradual development is the development of the brain through the species. For examplemade the hominids to use their arms in processes that are quite similar in the case of more developed creatures.Communication skills between species. In my opinion, the development of the brain was the main driver for the hominids that became modern people.
One of the integral questions about human evolution is how scientists learned the information about processes that took place tens of thousands of years ago. In this reflection, the explanation is set up at the case of the domestic fire by Neanderthals. The research is based on macroscopic identification by the processarchaeological research (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). The scientists examined the change in the color and the physical structure of different burned objects that made it possible for them to understand about the fire (Rosell & Blasco, 2019).is that it is not always clear whether the fire started with the help of people or it was an independent event. Many authors assumed that the first signs of fire use were displayed in Kenya (Rosell & Blasco, 2019)is unique in research in Kenya is that the estimated temperatures of burning were much higher than normally in natural fires.and 780,000 years appeared (Rosell & Blasco, 2019, p. 4). It shows that the methods have become more detailed over the years of scientific research.
What has used the influence of the fire has contributed to the development of the brain over time. Yerst began to use fire for the basic cooking.that can only be preserved through heat treatment. more complex activities influenced the development of mental abilities and abstract thinking. The process of evolution would have slowed down considerably if it had taken longer until early people understand how to use fire.