The rise of transatlantic slave trade in West Africa, 1300–1589, is a book by Toby Green, which the conditions in Iberia and West Africa in the 14th and 15th centuries.Cape Verde Islands organized most of the trade. The book will be interested in Atlantic discoverers and the general public, which is curious about European expansion and maritime trade (Shumway 731). However, it may not be the most precise predictor for the following historical events. Green analyzes Cape Verde thoroughly as a place where European colonizers sent, acted and used enslaved Africans for agricultural cultivation. He then portrays the settlers from Iberia, mainly new Christian Jews and argued that their previous exposure to violence and exclusion inEurope influenced a new society on slavery and the slave trade at the new location.are in Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean, most of the stories on archive sources and concentrate almost exclusively on the locations of the coast and the island of Iberian trade.The Esehandel mentioned.Green covers the earliest European maritime activity and settlement phase on the Cape Verde Islands and on the West African coast between the Senegal River and Sierra Leone. The last part of the story states that colonizers then show the experience of the slave trade in West Africa in Americahave used to suppress the population of the American indigenous people.
The author's overarching goal of comparing the global slave transactions is to determine that many of the historical figures have been underestimated. However, this argument does not deal with a still very insecure number of enslaved Africans who have been removed on slave ships, and therefore the quantitative methods areThis interpretation is likely to refute this interpretation to estimate the trade volume. Greene refuses to the first generations of European retailers in Africa more important than slaves, a generally supported historical view (Shumway 730).Guinea before 1589 only 1-2 % of the total slave trade. Greene's wish to redefine the entire transatlantic slave trade and emphasize the dominant role of Cape Verde and Oberguinea, discredits the existing historical work of early slave trading from western-central AfricaIn addition, the exaggerated claim about the Atlantic colonization, which is affected by the African slave trade habits.Economic globalization (Shumway 730). This is what Green claims that historians have not approved the effects of the extermination of the population of the population of the American indigenous people on the subsequent forced migration of Africans to America. There is no such claim - there is recognized information about theLack of work in America and the effects of researching the more difficult of colonists after slaves in public education (Shumway 730).Islands at the center of its history.