Summary
Analyzed research endeavored to discuss the essential role of nurses in preventing the diagnostic mistakes. The researcher estimated the commitment of the nurses in the diagnostic process on the basis of the empirical literature overview.can. The conceptual framework was aimed at designing and offering the model to expand the commitment of the nurses in the diagnostic process. The last step was to present the results of the framework device.Extensive model of full care engagement, which is referred to as a tripartite framework (Baker et al., 2017). The model included three essential components: interprofessional teamwork, patient authorization and the commitment of the nurses in the identification of the diagnostic signs (Baker et al., 2017). The results showed the results of a decrease in diagnostic errors and blows, increased diagnostic period and the overall growth of patient safety rates (Baker et al., 2017). The model also emphasized the role of patient experience and engagement in the diagnostic processThe nurses.
The structured literature data shown in the form of the framework were used within the respective organization.The solutions for the above challenges also issued an additional part of the conceptual framework. In relation to the cultural barrier, the psychology of self -determination of the nurses was a major problem. A major percentage of nurses and clinicians suspected that nurses should not take part in the diagnostic process (Bakeret al., 2017). In the research, however, it was emphasized that nurses could not be separated from the diagnosis, since they could play a role in building relationships between patients and the doctor.
Including nurses in the diagnosis, the process was implemented by various medical facilities. The researchers provided examples of such an implementation and analyzed the results that showed an increased level of patient satisfaction and a lower rate of medication errors (Baker et al., 2017). This barrierTo overcome, the researcher suggested that the committed guideline to be implemented by the medical administrative authorities. To overcome the educational barrier, medical providers should offer educational programs that focus on specific diagnostic principles (Baker et al., 2017).Implementing training classes in the curricula of the regular pupils.If the correlation between the practical examples of the sister practice adopted in some states and the increased level of patient satisfaction (Baker et al., 2017).
Variables and theory
During their investigation, the researchers provided the practical scientific experiments that were previously demonstrated that the solutions to the topic were appropriate and relevant.To reduce. The researchers combined the results of the developed framework research and the comparative analysis of other scientific experiments on the design and structure of the obstacles for their model -Pliance. The conceptual model included specific guidelines to increase the engagement of the nurses in the diagnosisThe extensive literature overview was in detail and easy to use in practice. Information was an understandable task within a separate medical organization.