Data table.
Activity time with thumb time without thumb completed
Writing the full name in italics 5 seconds 15 seconds.
Take the top out of a soda or water bottle and put it back on in 4 seconds 4 seconds
Contact 6 seconds on page 56 in a book.
If you combine my shoe, take it off, put it back on it and tie it for 15 seconds 30 seconds
Buttons and button for 3 seconds 5 seconds 5 seconds
1. The experimental question is whether thumb people with their daily routines help people more efficiently and can thus survive in an emergency.
2. My null hypothesis: Thumb has no influence on the efficiency and speed of fundamental everyday activities. The alternative hypothesis is that thumb is of crucial importance in all methods and increases your speed.
3. I developed the hypothesis when I thought about how my life would change if I had no thumbs..
4. My main forecast was to maintain larger indicators for the time for every procedure without a thumb than on those used with thumb.Using thumb than with thumb.
5. The control in this experiment is the indication of the time that is necessary for the implementation of each of the listed procedures.
6. The independent variable in the experiment is presented with the list of procedures where time for every situation is measured.
7. The dependent variable in the experiment are the two conditions examined - activities with thumb and without thumb.
8. So I took three times longer to write my complete name without thumbs than to use it. This could be explained by the fact that people tend to rely more on the handwriting on my thumb.Upper part from the soda and reset the same result for both conditions. We apparently do not have to use our thumbs in some activities like this.
9. A mistake occurred when I opened a book on page 56 and crumpled the pages of the book. The next time I tried to open it without using my thumb, I could do it faster than I would have doneCan, if the pages were not crumpled, it took some time to adapt my handwriting when I wrote my name in italics without thumbs.Second condition would have been a little faster.