The seasonal agricultural program (SAWP) is a government program with which Canadian farmers can hire employees from the Caribbean and Mexico.From violations of workers among migrants employees, and it is important to check how SAP undermines accommodation for migrants from the Caribbean and Mexico and applying for an efficient solution.
There are many fights in SAWP that should be repaired. For example, migrant farmers work up to fourteen hours a day and receive a small salary.For workers with a migration background, many employees often report that they violate the attitudes to them. There is no free access to medical devices and attention. Covide-19 is ignored and people have to infect each other.
The lack of reasonable resources such as masks, disinfectants and gloves makes the work for health insecure. Places where migrant entrepreneurs sleep are called bunkhouses. This bunkhouses are overcrowded with people, and the workers have to sleep very close together.-19 (Mojtehedzadeh, 2020). It is important to note that many workers are older. It is known that older people are infected and the disease wears far more complicated than young people., when he was infected on the farm (Dubinski, 2020). "Lopez Chapez Death caused his family in Mexico shock and devastation," reports the article (Dubinski, 2020, p. 2). He was a loving father of four children, and now his family is left in Mexico without support.
Everything that I learned from these articles caused emotional complaints in me. I feel disappointed and I'm very sorry for agricultural workers in migrants because I cannot imagine being hurt as they are, it is a manifestationThe cruelty towards migrants. Significantly, the news about the death of Covid-19, because death is always frightening and devastating. I cannot imagine that such working conditions exist in the modern world in which most of us accessHave medicine, masks and necessary medication.
There are many political and economic reasons for setting migrant workers for seasonal work. For example, their work is cheaper than the work of Canadian employees.. Many articles prove a violation of human rights and terrible working conditions (Dubinski, 2020). Many employees come "without understanding for English and little formal education", which enables dishonest employers (Mojtehedzadeh, 2020, p. 3).Reasons are inhumane, programs such as SAWP continue to invite foreign employees.
Some activists say that migrant workers should have more rights and skills to have necessary resources and a correct daily schedule. Approx.Probably consists in implementing support programs with which the employers are honestly evaluated.Connected to public administration, and if violated against rules, volunteers can report that migrants often do not know English. Volunteer programs could help improve the situation with abusive jobs through checks, collecting ratings and symptoms and, if necessary, voluntary help.