The second industrial revolution, which is also generally referred to as a technological revolution, describes a time with increased industrialization, mass production, standardization and scientific discovery.Manufacturing innovations such as steel production, the production of interchangeable parts and innovations in the machine tool industry. Many historians dated the second industrial revolution from 1870 to the First World War in 1914.
The second industrial revolution played a crucial role in urbanization. Beginning of up to 80% of humanity lived in rural areas and were dependent on animal husbandry and agriculture (Huberman et al., 2017).Wastewater systems and water supply led to a population boom in concentrated regions, which led to urbanization. The simultaneous introduction of new technological systems such as electrification led to massive migrations in industrialized areas/ cities., while regions like Manchester also experienced large population.
The increase in urbanization led to the exploitation of the working class. As industrialization was the pace, there were no laws that regulated the workers 'conditions, and power belonged to a few wealthy people, as the workers' work class Like. In the urban areas, many slums appeared in the urban areas, and child labor became everyday. During the population boom in urban regions, contagious diseases became frequent. Thousands of people died of symptoms such as cholera and tuberculosis in centers such as London (Kennedy, 2020). At the same time, the industrial revolution led to an equivalent increase in consumerism and materialism, especially with the technological advances that produced new goods and services for the masses.
The pronounced effects of industrial revolution and urbanization were pollution and environmental degradation. New machines needed large amounts of energy to operate them, which led to massive burning fuel fuels that cause air pollution and smog (iron, 2018). The release of industrial sewageAnd untreated human waste in rivers and the clearing of forests to make room for settlers led to unbridled environmental damage.