The signal and noise of Nate Silver show a warm approach for statistical interpretations and data forecasts. The text explains why so many predictions fail and how researchers fall victim to data masses and at the same time find important signals is mainly caution, diligence and correct evaluation of the skills. The text claims that most predictions are wrong because the investigators understand the uncertainty and probability badly. A certain statistical problem is presented and evaluated; then a preliminary solution is offered.
The author also suggests that statisticians can often benefit from applying several perspectives to a problem.(145) argues that many statistical mistakes occur when researchers try to predict exactly and are excessively confident in their skills. He implies that economic and weather forecasts are equally rough, do not predict economic surveys and interest in exact figures instead ofto be settled with an expected area of ​​results (Silver 146). The combination of several tests with various predictions therefore leads to a more precise result.
In addition, the current overfund leads to almost all data types to the mix of the actual signals. Inshereship at the human tendency to find patterns, people perceive them where they do not exist, and build predictions based on false alarms (155)Reminds the reader that "the correlation does not implement a cause". For example, some random correlations will occur with the multitude of economic indicators (silver 153).be subjected to common sense.
After silver systematically refutes the injustice in the world of statistical predictions, silver usually offers some solutions for the specified problem. Our all -encompassing proposal to make the predictions better, is to Bayes 'theorem of conditional probability or Bayes' argumentUse. The sentence enables the prediction of the probability of a theory or hypothesis on the assumption that some have even occurred beforehand (Silver 198) .Silver (198) takes the opportunity to remind readers that the idea behind Bavarian 'TheoremIt is not the case that the probability estimates are only updated once. The signal and the noise require a continuous review of assumptions and predict if new evidence is introduced. In this part of the book, the author emphasizes the vitality to remain new informationAnd to think about the world "probabilistically".
The argument is then displayed that all models simplify the universe, otherwise they have to receive endless details. In this sense, Silver (188) is a firmer believer that "all models are wrong, some models are useful".To believe that the application of an ideal and universal model is possible to a specific problem, since the often mixed and incomplete nature of the real world (327) states that incomplete predictability is not an excuse to give up actions as a whole.It is based on the example of climate change and gives the uncertainty in climate models, but this does justify the need to focus on reducing climate change, since the potential risk that the problem is worse than expected has much more negative consequencesthan in the median case.
In summary, the signal and the noise encourages its readers, the Bayes, "probabilistic" way of thinking, regardless of whether it may seem uncomfortable at first. The story calls to know where the previous beliefs and future assumptions come fromTo make really cautious and precise predictions. In addition, Silver (368) encourages statisticians to mislead and make many attempts and tests of ideas that come to mind.Before the common tendency of thinking that they are a better prediction than in reality. Overall, this book contains a strong argument that supports the scientific thinking and critical thinking using a reliable data analysis.