In order for the political and legal system to work properly, all of their elements should be aligned.Rights. The former to implement the responsibilities and rights of different areas of power and the latter contains a list of basic human rights. If the state constitution of the Federal Constitution contradicts, it can signal a lack of unity and democracy within the country.To analyze Florida in relation to the correspondence in the US constitution and especially in the Bill of Rights.
Each article in the Constitution of the State Florida covers different legal aspects. Articles I contain the explanation of the rights that are guaranteed to all citizens of the state and is presented in 27 sections (the Senate of Florida).Concentrate: religious freedom, rights of the accused and the victim, right to privacy.
Religious freedom is one of the fundamental rights that guarantee democracy. In section 3 of the Florida Constitution of Article I of I.ES, the change I of the Bill of Rights (US Senate).that "religious freedom will not justify the practices that are not compatible with public morality, peace or security" (the Senate Florida).Note.
The rights of the accused and the victims of crimes describe the rights of those involved in law enforcement.must be "the right to present witnesses, to confront adverse witnesses and to have a quick, public and impartial procedure (the Senate of Florida).US -Senat). Section 16 has recently been changed to emphasize and ensure the rights of the victim (Cassell & Garvin, 2020).Your dignity, the protection against the accused and all forms of abuse (the Senate of Florida), includes the US constitution not expressly covers this aspect.
Another important right, which is of crucial importance for the maintenance of democracy, is the right to privacy., let alone and free from the state penetration into the private life of the person, except as stated here ”(The Senate of Florida). This law was included in the constitution of Florida about the data protection change approved in 1980 (Skinner, 2020).Law was used to support death with the dignity of the suicide of doctors (Skinner, 2020). The US constitution does not have the corresponding section, and other states can have different laws in this regard.
In summary, it can be said that the constitution of the State Florida generally matches the US constitution and the Bill of Rights, which shows that the state shares the same basic democratic values ​​as all Americans.During a criminal persecution, as in other state constitutions, however, it presents a longer series of rights and guidelines that are specifically for its citizens.-Constitution is not available.