Today, the importance of technology prefers to scroll through the timeline instead of getting a few hours of sleep.which absorbs all the information that introduces the Internet, tend to evaluate the acquired knowledge sensibly. This leads to a deterioration in physical health. The mental state and increases the risk of falling into the hands of fraudsters.Research has been carried out easier access to comprehensive knowledge and has hidden damage, the research was carried out to analyze the effects of the Internet on young people. This studies aimed to identify the dangers that young people are exposed to on the Internet, and their causes and measuresTo find that can help overcome them. In this article, some of the main effects of new technologies are examined for young people and young people, including deterioration in the physical and mental state, an increased risk of becoming a victim of a fraud, and gradual lossof the moral values ​​in an entire generation.
The interest of young people in social networks has specific consequences in the form of mental and physical health problems. For example, sitting leads to a constantly unpleasant attitude when checking social networks to deteriorate the neck and back, causing chronic pain in these areas.In addition, a light light contributes to the damage from sight and sleep disorders such as lack of sleep or even insomnia., while you stay behind the curve, which disturbs the communication skills (Bibi et al. 480). This proves that the technology that is used incorrectly harms comprehensively.
The use of social networks by young people also weakens the institution of moral education and the disregard of moral values. Publications about Instagram in the social network with a demonstration of tobacco or smoking process lead to the popularization of smoking in teenagers. Another problem is the distribution of imagesWith alcohol consumption in the same social network, which deletes the limits of what is permitted for minors.If (Krylova 498). Negative effects on the vision of teenagers of tobacco and alcohol, technologies, in which not all information for children and adolescents are filtered and suitable, also harm moral values.
The growing popularity of technology in young people has also led to an increase in their participation in the sex industry, which led to an increase in crime and the experience of traumatic experiences through young people.The risk of harmful sexual contact is also possible with the right person. New technologies and bad awareness of teenagers have also led to an increased risk of sharing an intimate photo on the Internet with an unknown person.is also greatly simplified, which sometimes occurs due to the voluntary approval of a teenager due to the influence of the availability of sexual content (Senadjki et al. 63). Following the number of sexual crimes in which the victims are teenagers, due to the lack of filter information in socialNetwork to.
It follows from all the above that the Internet has an enormous negative impact of information that is not to be processed on the non -shaped personalities of teenagers.In addition, it is worth raising awareness of the dangers and risks in young people, which they expect with excessive use of technology.