If you read the gospel, discrepancies and sometimes even contradictions between the texts can be noticed. The opposite, the descriptions of some of the stories in the gospel are the same word for word as if they were copied by one author.referred to as a synoptic problem in scientific biblical science and has been examined for centuries. From the four Gospels the works by Matthew, Mark, Luke and John Chris Synoptic (Bakker & Jong, 2021). There are many literary overlap between these four texts, whose four textsStudies are presented in this article.
First of all, it is worth discussing the similarities of the three authors - Matthew, Mark and Luke. In general, the pattern of similarities and differences between synoptics can be described as follows.while others are only described by two or one.Is (Bakker & Jong, 2021). For example, Marks is original content of Mark of Mark over 650 30 Verses. The total content in Matthew and Lukas is approximately 240 verses.About 1/4 (Farrugia, 2020). Interpretent, both the original content of Matthew and the overall content, which mainly deal with the words of the bulletin and not with his actions.that various traditions follow the retelling of events.
For example, Matthew and Lukas follow a tradition that the parable of workers in the vineyard follows, while Mark follows another tradition.This does not mean that there is no connection between synoptics and John, but it is not apparent.Theologically important passages mentioned exclusively in John (Gathercole, 2020). They are also unique and important in terms of the text structure - extensive and detailed compared to the way the synoptics represent the material.Evangelists have a discrepancy about the day of the Passah and the lack of the moment of the apostle community in the description of the last sacrament.
It can be concluded that the texts of the three authors Matthew, Mark and Lukas are largely similar. In their use of various interpretation and subsequent counting traditions (Norouzi & Jalali, 2020), the texts by John Chris differ significantly from the others,Because they have fragments that are only peculiar to the writing of this author, but there are common ground such as the retelling of significant events that are similar in all four authors.