In the short stories of Liu and Asimov, the authors define people and how artificial intelligence distinguishes from the human spirit. The author of the algorithms for love, liu ken writes that people are too young and immature to understand the global laws of the universe.However, it seems to many that self -sufficiency and autonomy of human self -sufficiency and autonomy is unaffordable in terms of wishes and actions. Asimovs are unique in that it is one of the first attempts by the author, from different perspectives on the collision of the modern world of high technology andTo reflect on morality. Liu and Asimov approach the problem of artificial intelligence, but they agree that there is a strong similarity between thinking of robots and people.
Liu Ken wonders where the border is between artificial and natural intelligence. It is interested in whether the self -learning program of the robot can be viewed as a person (Ken 5).- People are in the same way. The author asks his readers whether people with artificial intelligence can be seen as a robot if you believe that there is no significant difference between the latter and humans (Ken 5).The readers on his last question who programmed people in this case.
Ken's story is about a young woman named Elena, a programmer and designer for a company that creates unusual toys - robots Androids. She improves from model to model and finally creates a robot that easily with the Turing testCan be completed and how a real person can communicate. However, she is the only one who understands that this apparent intelligence is only the result of talented and competent programming.To make the possibility that people are not intelligent and only work out the algorithms that are embedded in their internal program from day to day.Combining the dramatic fate of the main character in a small story. This literary work has its readers accept the idea of ​​identity in artificial and human intelligence.
Among the works of Isaac Asimov, one of the most important and unique as a collection of short stories I, robot, can be viewed. This work expresses the social and philosophical views of the writer best in the early phase of his work (Baysal 172). The sixth historyIn the collection, a liar, makes it clear that human psychology, philosophy and social laws Asimov are more interested than the technical side of the literary work.that science is of little interest for him in one of his monologues (Asimov 65). This hero is much more with fiction and the interlinking and the interplay of human motivations and feelings. In analysis in analysis in analysis, monologue reflects asimov's preference for socialAnd philosophical topics and his belief in art and commitment to the ideas of humanism.
The authors are combined by the topics of the stories and the topics they raise, although the attention span of the authors is somewhat different. Asimov, readers press the idea that the ideal robot is a human being. Liu also warns of the knowledgeEquality between the thinking of people and dealing with robots. Nevertheless, both authors try to define what is human and what the basic advantages and disadvantages of people are.