The use of different semantic meanings by the authors in their creative works is traditionally associated with the internal wish of the author to lead a certain thinking through this image. Reader who study literature independently tend to do these meanings by the prism of theirto interpret your own experience, which means that it is very likely. The opposite, it is often the case that different authors try to bring work with the same semantic images similar meanings.The most remarkable use of Dark Styles can be found in John Miltons Paradise Lost and William Shakespeares Othello. In these classic poems, dark images are used in detail., but also the playwrights showed that the darkness should not be clearly taken. This essay aims to qualitatively examine the use of such meanings in the two works mentioned.
One of the central themes of the classic tragedy of Shakespeare is the comparison of the contrasts. The reader is made aware of this almost from the start when the protagonist Othello is introduced as African Moorish descent. For the British poetry of the 16th century, the use ofDark -skinned characters in prominent areas of action, because racist slogans were still strong in public feeling. This is perfectly illustrated in Othello when the dark -skinned protagonist, who inevitably leads to the thoughts of "rawafricans", emphasizes as a decent and pious characterThe first and most obvious uses of dark images are aimed at Shakespeare's wish to show that not everything is "dark" as evil and poorly characterized, as it may appear at first glance.
However, it would be wrong to say that Shakespeare does not use dark images to demonstrate a dark, hidden style. The tragedy of Othello is full of different uses of dark signs and characters to emphasize the unfriendliness of the character.Is Iago's lieutenant, whose actions are often described in the context of a deep, dark night. Before the background of the angelless desemona, which traditionally wears white clothes, Iago appears as a dark ignoramus whose motifs and actions are associated with self -serving.To say it correctly that the use of the image of darkness in the work of Othello was also necessary to reinforce the marginal effects between good and bad.
Dark styles to improve the contrast to white images are effectively used in another work postelizabethane England, namely John Milton lost paradise.Milton uses dark colors in its biblical themes to describe the forces of the devil. The use of dark colors to increase theAt the beginning of Book three, ominous is particularly clear when the playwright uses words like "obscure", "eternal night" and "darkness" (Milton 45).Reference to divine lighthous tones. This thoughts come from the evangelist Johannes, who literally wrote: "... God is light; there is no darkness at all" (1 century 1: 5).Implemented to increase the contrast between light and darkness, good and evil.