Welcome to The Geological Time Machine, the unique invention that gives people the opportunity to visit past geological times with sightseeing tours. Our unique product offers three types of tours for three geological epochs. In general, the geological epochs represent the different changeswith which the planet earth and its surroundings were confronted in the course of history.
Paleozoikum -era tour
Period: The Paleozoan era started 541 million years ago and ended 252 million years ago
Figure 1. Image of the ocean landscape during the Devon era (Andrejs Lazovskis, N.D.
Figure 2. The image of animals that extinct after the Perm period Warperm period.
The Paleozoan era defined the beginning of modern life and is characterized by the creation of different forms of life and organisms.goods. The processes of global warming caused permick extinction.
Figure 3 Image of underwater life in the Paläozoikum (Hoveforkova, A., N.D.).
Tour in Mesozoikum era
Periods within the ARA: Cambrian, Ordovizer, Silur, Devon, Carbon, Permian
Figure 4. Image of life forms during the Mesozoic era (PubliPlhoto, N.D.).
Period: The Paleozoan era started 252 million years ago and ended 66 million years ago.
Figure 5. Image of the dinosaurs in the landscape in Mesozoikum (Publiplhoto, N.D.)
The Mesozoic era is the second great geological era known for the existence of dinosaurs. This era is also characterized by the development of the early ancestors of modern animals. This tour is recommended for the younger audience and the people who are recommended to animalsare interested. The mammals, birds and several plants developed during the Mesozoic era. The era could also be characterized by a different climate that was significantly warmer with mild distinctions between the seasons. As with the Paleozoan era, the Mesozoic era ended withA massive extinction of a meteor that beat the earth. The place of the meteor landing, the Chicxulub crater, is located in Mexico.
Figure 6. The model of the first ancestor of mammals (Buzer, C., N.d.). Periods within the time: Trias, Jura, Cretaceous.
Tour of the Cenozoic -era
Period: from 66 million years to the present day.
Figure 7. Image of animals in the Kenozoic era (PubliPlhoto, N.D.).
Figure 8. The Rocky Mountains were formed after the collision of several tectonic records (Hotels.com, N.D.)
The Kenozoic era is the last geological era in which people currently live.The Kenozoic era represents the age of the dominance of mammals compared to other life forms. The era is characterized by a drastic increase in the number of different types and subspecies of mammals and animals. Another significant moment that distinguishes the era is that the movement of the continents isIn their current positions, the climate has also changed from warm and mild in the mesozoic.It enables visitors to observe the rise of the mountains and the development of human settlements.
Figure 9. Image of an early human settlement (Daily Sabah, N.D.).
Periods within the time: tertiary (paleogen), tertiary (neogen), quaternary.