Social isolation induces behavioral and emotional changes in humans and animals.cho et al. (2017) carried out a study to determine the effects of the treadmill on depression. In this study, female and male Sprague dawley were used socially isolated rat pups.The researchers ensured that the procedures used agreed with the National Health Institute and the Korean Medical Sciences Academy. The delivery day was called day 0, and the rats were divided into four: The group for social insulation groups, the control group andThe group exercise and social isolation and exercise group (Cho et al., 2017). The rat puppy of the rat group of social isolation was accommodated individually.Was injected to every ratswand 5-brom-2'-desoxyuridin (50 mg/kg BRDU) (Cho et al., 2017). This was carried out from sixty minutes from postnatal day 21 to 26 before the treadmill exercise began.
The researchers used various methods and materials to carry out the study. In the treadmill training protocol, the rat puppies ran once a day from the 21st to the 34th day on the tread.Determine rat puppies.
The researchers, 50 mm phosphate -buffered salt solution (PBS) and 500 mm phosphate buffer, prompted a answer to use.Positive cells in the dorsal raphe wanted to evaluate by carrying out immune fluorescence.-Analysis was carried out using a tyrosine linase B (TRKB) and BDNF.The immune reactivity.
The evaluation of the state of depression was examined by the forced swimming. The rest period of the social insulation group was longer than the control group.Running strap activity helped to increase the mobility of the socialization group rat pups.Exercise groups were higher compared to social isolation.
In addition, higher microfotographies of BRDU-positive cells in the control group were observed in the control group.The researchers came to the conclusion that the treadmill training increases neuronal production by improving the symptoms of stress through social isolation.
In summary, physical activity is an essential strategy for behavioral interventions because it improves the generation of new cells.In humans and animals an important role, since it has an antidepressant effect on it. There is a close connection between the hippocampus neurogenesis and the antidepressant.