It is common for companies to develop and grow differently, so there are a large number of options for how companies can develop. It usually depends on management, industry, goals and specific management visions.Weaknesses and challenges. For example, many companies have problems, while they assign work and then coordinate various efforts after they shared the responsibilities between groups of employees. The former process is referred to as differentiation and the latter is referred to as integration and both play a significantRole in the organizational structure.
First of all, differentiation is a process in which a company is separated into key components such as units or departments. This department is particularly common in large companies, since a larger company is more difficult, the larger a company, the more difficult it becomes that an individual isLeader all business activity is checked. So offer highly differentiated companies their departments and units autonomy, so it is easier to organize productive and effective work in all components.Amazon and Apple are examples of companies that successfully distinguish their business and have many different units.
If companies apply the differentiation, they must continue to perform their different tasks effectively, which is why the integration process is significant. Overall, integration is the specific coordination of differentiated responsibilities and the work of all components. With other words, an organization that is highly integrated, canMany different departments that are still closely connected and do not have much independence and autonomy. For example, McDonald's is a strictly controlled company, and most of the essential decisions are made by the small administrative group.Important and should be basic structures in organizations so that they work effectively and are stronger than their competitors.
When it comes to integration, it is important that companies choose between the two available options carefully. In total- and coordinate individual efforts in two ways: vertical and laterally. The most striking is more relaxed, while the latter is more relaxed, informal, more flexible and easier.
The vertical integration refers to the system in which the higher levels of a company regulate and guidelines, authority as well as control and swivel methods to coordinate the work of the staff. For exampleThe company agree. They make decisions, solve problems and conflicts, evaluate the performance and reward or punish employees. They also develop rules, guidelines as well as planning and control systems so that the personnel knows the working conditions and follow the standardized procedures. As mentioned above,If all operations and decisions of McDonalds are controlled by a small group of authorities, which is why this can be said that this company uses the vertical type of coordination.
In addition, the lateral integration uses task forces, meetings, meetings, coordination roles, matrix structures and networks to control the efforts of the various units. Coordinating groups gather to negotiate and help the efforts and tasks of different departments.workers from different departments to discuss some problems. This is where task forces enable the cooperation between different specialists if a quick solution is required for a problem.This is extremely successful: The informal connection between the employees and the three main groups enables you to develop more ideas and to solve problems quickly.