The current asset distribution patterns in the USA are far from the embodiment of justice. A profession that I believe is currently underpaid is the registered nurse in various health environments.RNS work, have learned, the level of responsibility for the well -being of patients does not correspond to the average financial compensation that these specialists receive.And the increasing accessibility of the promotion of clubs due to technological advances probably explain why the wages of the footballers are extremely high.
The reasons for the selection of these examples relate to the desired dependence of the remuneration variables on the social importance of the work. In particular, utilitarian ethics could be used to justify the selection of examples.Maxify the well -being and promote the happiness of a considerable number of people (Woodard, 2019). In agreement with utilitarianism, an action is good and important if it brings advantages to the masses that bring RNS and NFL players into society, if there were no RNS, hospital singers would be treated by doctors, but would remain without care and constant supervision, which would lead to frequent hospital infections, complications after the operation unnoticed to late and avoidable deaths.In contrast, there would be no NFL players when looking at sports, which is not compatible with the advantages of RNS's work.prioritize.
The correction of the injustice mentioned above would be a challenge, but still possible. A hypothetical way is to use petitions to limit wages of the NFL players or to introduce new taxes for the representatives of overpaid.Possible chance of raising profit use rules for large sports companies in order to donate them to a considerable part of the profit for charitable purposes. Under these circumstances, great leagues and teams would have to restrict wages. A different way to correct the injustice would be the petitionFor legislative measures to increase minimum wages for RNS. For this step, the support of the company with the help of arguments would collect that higher wages would strengthen the competition and that competition would lead to an increase in care quality and thus promote better results in public health.