Sex trading is a big and often overlooked problem of modern societies around the world. According to information from the United Nations Office for Drugs and Crime (2009), the exploitation of sex is the main cause of human slavery, which is about 79% of all cases.In my opinion, such a crime by the greed of people, the lack of media reporting and the attention of state attention and the presence of considerable demand is fueled.the market for sexual slavery.
However, it is important that the attention of government officials and other institutions leads to this problem for great public inevitable. On the one hand, the real and potential victims do not know how to recognize and behave when they meet them.Prejudices that most prostitutes have freedom if they decide to sell their bodies because they are not able to find a different job, a drug abuse or other reasons. However, modern research and studies on this topic show that thatIn many cases, this is not the case, and women were held responsible for selling their body for a long time instead of men who forced them.
For a similar reason, some of the men who use prostitutes are not aware that they support crime, but there are other people who understand that they have sexual relationships with minor girls or enslaved women and similar to womenShould be punished. I think that the former group can still be held responsible for their ignorance, since many customers see prostitutes of such services as an object, which means that these women cannot be compassionate.
In order to tackle this problem, as already mentioned, the government should ensure that women are aware of how to avoid being caught, especially in places with high women's trade.Have sexual resorts and often monitor their business. In the third world countries, the United States should attempt to take part in the attempts to stop this activity and urge other countries to join the efforts. In this regard, I think that onlyBy combining the work of all states, humanity can stop sex trade.