The television has "contributed to transforming the differential gneger into the proud black", "women gave an outdoor area to their detention in the apartment ... their aura and her prestige (NYE, 2006)." I selected this quote,Because it shows how technology can be used in the education system to teach the students by watching educational programs on television. This resonates with the education system because television has helped a black American to get into a proud and self -harvesting person in theTo transform society because he or she has seen on TV. This corresponds to the way technology can be used in schools to support learning.Use, it is to involve them in learning. Learn the students to design technological solutions for problems that affect them, and change their imagination (NYE, 2006). The technology in modern times applies to many sectors, including production,Education, health and governance is used technology to form this world.
Globalization and innovation waves have generated both losers and winners.Tempo of globalization of markets and technological change can be able to correspond. Those technological progress such as the use of robots to disorders of the labor markets. Mobots are used in many areas that include medically and education.Help with complex operations such as the repair of heart valves. Robots can replace human surgeons because they can do what people cannot do. They also support people with severe language and hearing impairments. In some countries, robots were also used as teaching assistants in computer and science classes(Ross, 2016). Robot also enable communication among students with autism.
As a result, educators have to teach their students the need to accept technologies such as robots, since the future is. In this modern technology -driven world, the educators have to teach the students robotics throughout their educational life in order to increase their ability to innovative and creative thinkers and productive peopleto become in society. Educators would have to work for laws and create programs that would integrate robotics into the education system. parents and teachers are recommended to accept technology and teach their students and children. Technological changes and globalization mean new opportunities for all people, the governments, companies, parents, children, students and investors include (Ross, 2016). The new inventions aim to improve the lives of many people around the world.
The big data explosion implies that this has changed the way people learn in both informal and formal environments. Big data and analytics help industry and trade to achieve added value for their production. Big data applicationsare implemented in every industry or trade to improve your production and operation. The recording of data supports the effective assessment of programs, interventions and resources to facilitate school, schoolchildren and landing success.to profile their consumers in a far -reaching way that enable the company to deal in real time. Companies can better identify operational problems, understand their customers, manage supply chains and recognize fraudulent transactions via big -Data applications.New Zealand to improve its milk and beef production for export to China (Ross, 2016). Companies that do not adapt to big data applications apply in the current big data.