This essay explains the value and sexuality of women in Islamic religion compared to Christianity. A central concern is the deflation of individuals or the oppression of people under the defense of religion.in the Islamic sacred books are subject to women who accept Allah. This is almost similar to Christianity, since it devalues ​​the same women (the Holy Bible). However, there are incredible differences that I will address in this essay.that women in Islamic religion and Christianity have different values ​​and treatments.
Firstly, I will analyze and explain the motives of oppression directly from the holy books.distinguishes from the Bible, since the cruelest view of women in the Bible is more gracious than that of women in Islam.jede discussion about religious justification for the way men, children or women are treated
I will address how women are treated in the church in the church and what they can offer in the mosques.In most Christian churches, they are considered the same, while in some churches they are teachers of the word who are nuns and fully participate in the service (Ali, 2018). In the Islamic religion, women have no position in their church or their service and their activitiesin the mosque.
My essay will deal with the position of women in marriage in both religions. Men in Islamic faith can be involved in a polygamous marriage that is most advisable. A man can marry several women, but not more than four if heequally available and treated. In Christianity, the Bible is discussing polygame marriages, but does not advise the men in polygamen families (let, 2021). The most Christian churches are committed to monogame families.It becomes that she will behave in the family and what role she will play in her houses in both religions.
After all, I will deal with the differences and similarities in the submission of women in Islamic religion and Christianity. In the Islamic religion, the followers will believe that God was male, and therefore they should submit to men because they have the powerMale gender is more respected in Islamic religion, mainly because it is assumed that God is male, and therefore they should submit to every male (Moore, 2017). The Bible believes that the Bible supports men as the priest of the house and thatEva was commanded to submit to Adam and therefore women have to submit to their husbands.
Religion is the power and the reason for most abuse that happens to women. This essay will answer the question: is it true that women are devalued in Christianity and Islamic religions? I will conclude my essay by saying how theyModify things through education and different forms of education. Feminists arise both in Islamic religion and in Christianity. They try to ensure that women are treated equally and are estimated as well as men are estimated in both religion and in the community.