In the past year and a half, the concept of change and continuous development in nursing practice has become of great importance, since the global outbreak of pandemic forced both practitioners and patients to use modified care approaches.Understandably, to redefine patient care has triggered a number of ethical concerns. I do my best time to use the course materials to seek answers and ethically sensible solutions for patient care, but the most meaningful insight I have won so far isthat every solution is ambiguous for an ethical dilemma.
For example, during one of my interactions with the patient, I was asked whether the hospital had the guideline to avoid a personal interaction during the pandemic with the help of video examinations.Due to the high risks of data security violations and a lack of company video software, to contact the patients without personal accounts. After this interaction, I decided to replace the ethical effects of replacing personal interaction by the medical examination.
On the one hand, the practice of distant patient surveillance should be perceived as considerate in view of the risks of a COVID-19 infection during personal interactions.In the empirical study by Shaw et al. (2020), the researchers decided to compare personal interactions with the instances of video consultations. During the estimate that video consultations tend to completely change the flow of conversation and the level of trust between the patient and the practitioner,If the overall forecast is optimistic for the implementation of video consultations (Shaw et al., 2020). Based on this, it is reasonable to assume that the gradual shift of online communication between clinicians and patients is inevitable. This is why public institutions must be the frameworkExplain in more detail for safe virtual communication by presenting hospital software with limited data access.
On the other hand, the challenge of using the digital interaction with patients has a number of potential threats to practice. One of the main risks of such quick change are the clinicians and patients who distanced themselves from conventional approaches to a medical examination.the community is widespread, it is likely that due to the convenience of such an interaction, people are less likely to return to personal interactions. In the meantime, the researchers emphasize that "a personal consultation between doctor and patient remains the gold standard of clinical care" (Soliminiet al., 2021, p. 2).
The question of relocation in telemedicine and remote therapy is also questioned by factors such as consent and social discrimination. In the crime, many patients are happy with a remote examination and advice, without understanding the risks, gaps and safety effects of remote treatment.Interest in video consequences can also influence the concept of inclusion and social equality, since it is unethical to imply that patients have access to technology to practice telemedicine.
After everything has been considered, it becomes apparent that nursing and the medical field in general do not exist without a critical assessment of the changes that were introduced in health care.Find a number of reasons to criticize them. So it is the first step to create a sensitive approach to nursing to learn to perceive such phenomena as new technology.