Artificial intelligence in marketing is a method for using customer data and AI concepts, including machine learning, to predict the next step of the consumer and to meet his needs, even those that the consumer has not yet formulated. The development of big data andAdvanced analysis solutions have made it possible for the marketers to create a clearer picture of their target group than ever.
Marketers try to understand the huge repository of data that understand the main cause and the likelihood of repeating certain actions.Therefore, platforms for machine learning are required to identify trends or common events and anticipate key ideas and reactions (MA & Sun, 2020).To teach and implement PR campaigns, which optimizes the range of consumers and only focuses on relevant users.
Big data is a concept of the ability of the marketers to aggregate and seize large amounts of data with minimal manual consumption. In the digital economy, thousands of data points are attached to the target group, which can be analyzed exactly by bots to understand what message someone someonewill be liked (Wirth, 2018). Marketers can then use this data to send the right message on the selected channel at the right time at the right time.
Numerous elements and factors now influence the current reality of companies on the market. They are complicated, highly connected and can be difficult to quantify. One of the problems with which managers are confronted is the exact direction of the business or product in low time,By using a complicated system of data sources. Many learning algorithms should identify trends from a large number of inputs and support marketing experts in predicting the desired future. Suggestions are a great example of how AI can be used in marketing (Wirth, 2018).E-commerce websites, blogs, social networks and media pages use artificial intelligence to analyze consumers' online activities and recommend products and content for better conversion and to spend more time on your websites., you can better connect with visitors to certain websites and show them more relevant content.
Coca-Cola is an example of a company that uses AI for business analysis. With 500 brands and a customer base in 200 countries, the company operates a large number of data. Expert use AI and big data technology to develop new products (leadbeater,2021). For example, Cherry Sprite was introduced on the basis of data from vending machines in which customers mixed drinks according to their wishes.
The more information is invested in the training of the chatbot, the better your tasks will be performed. Expert recommend starting chatbots at certain points in the sales funnel. This helps you to sell more and improve your conversion rates.Play Ki to help customers find the desired app and share their music (Wiggers, 2019) .ai offers music that is based on previous search queries, times of the day and genres that people have heard before.