The income in income has long been seen as one of the main factors that considerably undermine the quality of life.World determined to acquire prosperity with very different means, which can even be controversial.People's motivation to improve their standard of living because luxurious lifestyle becomes the main goal, which almost always remains a dream and is full of controversy.
In many parts of the world, inequality can lead to objective difficulties and reduced living standards. However, the notorious effects of extreme inequality is always the psychological perception of the phenomenon.In many cases, money in the USA can easily be converted into power, since children have been successful since primary school. Millions of relatively poor American citizens can still afford many things that citizens rarely even dream of in many other countriesIt is the inner feeling of injustice and fainting that makes the perception of low income so painful for many.
In the 1920s, the rapidly increased importance of prosperity led to serious changes in culture and social areas in general. For example, who convey a proper understanding of the atmosphere and the quick changes in social norms at this time, is the great Gatsby of F. Scott Fitzgerald. The author had first -hand experience with a variety of wealthy and influential people because he was a rich womanhad married.
The famous novelist gives valuable insights into the diverse psychological questions that plague the life of the rich and make the assets a controversial goal.Scott Fitzgerald claims that the rich "things and creatures are shattered and then withdrawn into their money or great negligence, or whatever they had together and other people have the chaos they created". This is clearly the case of the protagonistIt is that the original determination to acquire prosperity is in many cases based on trauma and lack of attention.
The growing displacement of the distribution of the assets has numerous long -term consequences. The parents' prosperity plays an important role in the accumulation of children of the children (Hubmer et al., 2).To enjoy the extent that has long been seen as one of the US corner pillars. The reduced importance of equal opportunities shows a structural problem in modern American society.Percent in possession of assets was, from 7 percent to 18 percent (SAEZ and Zucman, 4). The decisive factor is to find the right means of redistribution of prosperity in a way that ensures all Americans the provision of high -quality health services and education.
Current inequality rates are behind the creation of an atmosphere that resembles the 1920s.That a society has a few Gatsbies who are ready to jump on every opportunity to get rich.A comprehensive media reporting for every society is destructive. The American dream was not always perceived by the majority as hoarding extreme wealth.