In the Internet era, privacy becomes one of the most critical factors for internet users if almost all information is accessible to almost everyone. Under the basic individual rights, the right to privacy is protected by the public government by data protection laws.Belize data protection laws are listed in the data protection law. This law underlines the basic principles of data protection and describes who can access and process this data and under what conditions.
Data protection implies the definition and clarification of specific essential points. In this definition, Belize's data protection law shares a lot with the European GDPR from 2018 and the Data Protection Act of the United Kingdom from 1998 (Bartlett, 2022).this law "the collection, storage, use and distribution of personal data" controls (data protection act, 2021).Who is authorized to carry out such activities.
Although this authority belongs to the government or an organization under certain conditions, only a few exceptions have to be discussed.Data transmission from a data subject to a data processor is examined, part (d) A "obligation of professional confidentiality" (Data Protection Act, 2021). This specific condition could explain the above -mentioned exclusion.Data to trust experts because you know that a specialist probably does not misuse this information.
Trust in professionalism builds on many different factors, and the call is one of the most important. It is also important to mention that a specialist earns his reputation through his actions and success in the chosen career.Or correspond to standards that can be recognized as professional at all. After the example of a medical specialist, it is possible to find the definition of these criteria. In the encyclopedia of pharmacy practice, it is possible to find eight professional principles: altruism and care, excellence, ethics, Respect, communication, accountability, integrity and justice (p. 205). Since these standards are so generalized and therefore not bound to health care, they are often applied to a specialist in a specialization.
Specific points on privacy are expressly defined in the data protection law of Belize.We may be together with the government and the legal entities, the persons who are limited to the professional confidentiality contract are also mentioned in the data protection law that have the right to use private data.However, personal data can be requested and used as part of your job, if you meet it. In total, the protection of the personal data is a major concern in modern society. In Belize government, the government of data protection tried and tried to ensure securityto ensure its population in this sensitive matter.