One can argue that the short story "Where are you going, where are you?" Has a suitable open end, which both represent the mythical nature of events, the Connie appear and at the same time provide sufficient evidence to indicate what happened to her. At an end, the reader realizes that she was most likely murdered because "she felt her breath in her lungs, as if it were something with which Arnold repeatedly stabbed her without tenderness" (Oates)Connie, however, recovered awareness, experiences something like one from illness.
It is obvious that she is dead and goes to the hereafter, but in the end it opens numerous questions about who Arnold Freund really is.How is he omniscient and apparently almighty? There is always the potential that it can be a dream because it went outside and could have fallen sleep if it has tendency to dream.The next step comes and whether it goes into paradise, or just an illusion that was created by her murderer. Connie's spirit has apparently changed from her physical appearance, but the audience never gets the full picture.
A critical analysis by Samantha Conover suggests that Connie has actually experienced a kidnapping and a form of rape or sexual assault. The history does not show this directly, but possibly uses euphemisms and other literally to point out that this powerful, richMan who most likely persecuted her was a sexual predator. It is known that the short story of Oates was based on a real serial killer, who murdered several young girls before the conquest, which pointed out a typology and type of sexual aggressionFulfillment of his victim was shown. Connie's situation represented by so many other women who were exposed to sexual assault.She knew the perpetrator, but not exactly, she was alone, but on the bright daylight when no crime was to take place.Has (Conover 125). It is a terrible, but unfortunately more precise comparison, which is drawn by pictures and metaphors in the Oates story, which points out that it may not have been mythical at all, but an example of terrible realism.