The article focuses on the question of how some guidelines for transport security administration (TSA) hinder people's privacy.New technologies have further blurred the border between security and privacy (Wilkinson, 2020).To illustrate data protection concerns (Wilkinson, 2020). It is worth noting that human security is important, and in some cases the privacy can be in the background.
Summary of the steps that lead to conclusions
The theoretical background used by the author is based on the interaction of privacy and security. The article speaks for the definition of privacy in a way that supports security forces in executing their work.However, the author also indicates that security tests are important due to the numerous threats to protect people. The TSA can take out passengers from many security checks through the recovery control number issued by the Department of Homeland Security (Wilkinson, 2020).to make an analysis of various data protection injuries required by the TSA-von security tests.
The deficit in the literature is identified as the lack of a proper definition of privacy, which creates confusion in the implementation of certain TSA regulations. The author notes that privacy may be less important in some cases than security, but a standard method for definitionThe privacy must give. A common definition ensures that there are no problems during the execution of the guidelines..
The main argument in the article is that the TSA security controls may penetrate the privacy of people, but some of the guidelines were not stopped by the courts.are very invasive. It is worth noting that every customer can be marked at the airport for a special demonstration.
In summary, it can be said that the author states that privacy is a difficult concept because it changes due to court hearings and new technologies. This is one of the problems in creating security guidelines that affect privacy.that the author provides for an argument for privacy and privacy. The article explains the concept of privacy in security tests in a structured way, which is easy to follow.
Critical assessment