The struggle for the independence of Latin America was of great historical importance. Lord of this struggle reached the people who live in the former Spanish and Portuguese colonies, a national independence that served their decisive interests. Under the leaders of the struggle for independenceIn most cases, the leadership of the small and weak colonial bourgeoisie was in the hands of the Creole landlord.Reasons why this group led the uprising.
Until the end of the 18th century in the Spanish and Portuguese colonies in America, the bourgeois formation accelerated the layer of the Kreolen, which focused on foreign markets, and the intelligence. This social groups were with the policy of colonial authorities to serious restrictions in relationvery dissatisfied on trade and company (doc. B).. They were looking for the opportunity to work freely on their traditional countries. The struggle of people in Spanish America for independence fulfilled the needs of capitalist development that was hindered by the colonial regime.
The international situation was favorable for the fight for independence. At the end of the 18th and early 19th centuries Spain was involved in devastating wars with France and England. Under these circumstances, the Creole opposition increased its activities.Equipped in Spanish America. The goal was to prepare an armed action and to overthrow the Spanish colonial suppression.
For Creole entrepreneurs, the markets of the colonies and even that of the metropolises became tight. For their persistent growth, free access to the world market was of crucial importance.Completeness and the virgin fertility of the new world had. In them, the ideas of liberalism found the most passionate admirers, determined fighters for the complete freedom of trade and company.In addition to its place in the colonial economy, the Creole upper class differed from the other layers of colonial society in their clear awareness of their interests and goals. This is because many creoles were extremely trained and belonged to the intelligence class.
The struggle of people in Spanish America for independence lenses the needs of capitalist development that was hindered by the colonial regime. However, the elimination of the colonial regime and the achievement of political independence were accompanied by important transformations. Fast all Latin American countries have founded a Republican system.Slavery was completely or partially abolished in several countries, and the rights of the church were limited.Get into action, which created favorable conditions for the development of capitalist relationships.