Artificial intelligence (AI) is growing in the areas of increasingly popular in which large amounts of information are processed within limited timetable. Marketing is one of them; the key to success is constantly awareness of the latest tendencies on the market and in consumer behavior thatAn infinite data analysis requires., but also a better quality of customer service, since more resources invest in it. Another significant advantage of using AI is to reduce the error rates by minimizing human factor ("Ki could reduce", 2018).are not tired or distracted, which together with the incomparably higher speed is much more effective than humans.
The latter nuance is actually the reason why many assume that AI can replace marketing jobs in the future.Could reduce ”, 2018). Insheres into all of these above it seems to be relevant that artificial intelligence could replace people in marketing jobs because it is much more reliable. According to the view of those who support this idea, such a shift could be essentiallyBetter understanding of consumer behavior, in particular a broader perspective on the latest tendencies and the drivers of change.
In fact, however, the use of AI cannot eliminate the participation of people in marketing activities. The main reason is that it is only able to simplify and accelerate the fulfillment of certain tasks, but not to organize and not organize the performance of a company for itselfIn particular. In particular, only people can be creative thinkers and generate the ideas that provide the instructions for further activities, such as design marketing campaigns.ai algorithms are now "set up repeating tasks" and can only be found in analytical routine, but notcontribute to the decision -making ("wants to digital marketers out out, 2021, para. 1). Latter not only requires creativity, but also critical thinking, of which machines remain incapable.
Another consequence of the fact that the previous paragraph is mentioned is the need that people have to program AI. Sometimes someone has to write and adapt the algorithms to which they will follow.Minimize because algorithms may affect it if their authors have biased certain topics or categories of people, and their usefulness is limited.
Relationships with customers that should be based on trust in maximum effectiveness are also a remarkable area. The structure requires emotional reaction and interpersonal connections that are also not available for AI.Supports, but emotional communication goes beyond its functionality ("will look digital marketers", 2021, para. 1). In the meantime, personal interactions in marketing are of crucial importance, similar to every area in which work with customers isIt is involved because people are irreplaceable. In this way, the use of AI can even create new jobs because they have to program them and monitor their performance (ibid.). The answer to the question of whether it will replace marketing jobs in the future istherefore undoubtedly negative.