Many concepts have universal definitions, but are still too wide because they may have unique and diverse meanings for different people. Easy may make money for great importance and define it as the most important value in their lives. Other people do not agree to this definition, because money is only one of the possibilities for them to achieve a goal. The family also belongs to such concepts - although there are many different dictionary definitions of this social institution, people can still add their meanings.To give the family's general description, list their main features and to obtain them with my family.
First of all, the family is one of the most important social agents and the smallest social unit. As noticeable from Mondal (n.d.), it can be “an intimate home group that consists of people who are connected by bonds of Blood, sexual mating or legal bondsare, be defined (para. 1). At the same time, McCarthy says (however, people consider themselves their own family or can expand this concept and include friends and pets. This group is not necessarily defined by blood relationship - many married couplesOr single people adopt children and form a real family unit.
As mentioned above, there are many characteristics of this social group. For example, the family is the most valuable concept in the life of a person who normally plays the most important role in one's own socialization (moonlit, n.d.).Even large families are usually limited. After all, there is another feature that feelings and feelings are the strong basis of this unit. Most families form, affection and respect and responsibilities and duties.
If I associate the properties mentioned with my own family, I can say that it fits everyone. I have too many relatives, including uncle, aunts and cousins, and our huge family always tries to spend time together, to have funAnd to support each other. My brother and I grew up to be loving and loving to make and share ethically correct decisions. Our family is based on the most positive feelings and connections, and it is the main concept in our lives.