The business world is constantly changing and companies always have to be flexible for these changes. One of the changes to which a company has to adapt is a growing target market. P & g is currently selling personal care products to a market that mainly consists of womenHowever, show that due to the increase in male care there is a growing market among male consumers. P & G should restructure to use the new market for men's care products.
P&G has to make several changes to use the "ignored" market. The restructuring has a effect on various departments such as research and development, product design as well as sales and marketing.Szymczyk, 2016). For example, most employees who deal with skin and hair care products, cosmetics and fragrances are female. This is because the target market is mainly women, which means that the products are likely to develop from womenand to be marketed. To attract a new target group of men, the company has to hire more male employees (Nadube & Didia, 2018).are male and understand what other men would want. The research and development, product design, sales and sales and marketing departments have to include more male employees.
The most important context -related variable, which led to the restructuring of P&G, was the changes on the target market, as was uncovered in a study. The study was carried out by male care trends: 2009 and also benefited.Male consumers, although female consumers dominated the market for personal care products.P & g saw the opportunity to benefit from a growing market.
Several companies have been restructured to use a larger target market. Examples are Harley Davidson Motorcycles, NFL and Stryx. Traditionally, the demographic market for motorcycles were older white men, but after a decline in motorcycle sales, Harley Davidson began focusing on female customers (Moreno, 2017). They adapted their bikes to the needs of women and found creative paths to market these bicycles on women. Secondly, the National Football League discovered in a study that women made up over 40% of their viewers (Townes, 2019).Then they expanded their target market beyond the usual male customers and began to make goods for women, and Stryx is a company that has benefited in the growing market for male make -up products. The companies mentioned were expanding their marketsvery successful. Dealers should also benefit from their growing target market. For exampleShould companies quickly adapt to changes in the market.
In summary, companies should keep up to date with all market changes. All industries are constantly being developed and it would be unclear that companies stay on the old paths.It has to redesign his recruitment practices to take this opportunity. The restructuring for a new reality can be a profitable undertaking if they are carried out correctly, as shown by Harley Davidson, NFL and Stryx.