A health manager is a person who organizes the work of a certain number of employees in a market economy based on modern management methods.to take into account the activities of the employees in the workplace in order to successfully master this profession. A specialist in this area can keep the actors under control and motivate the manager's wishes and goals. The manager forms communication between humans and determinedThe individual contribution of each employee to the overall result. It gives two main influence bases that encourage the actor together: personally and organizationally (positional). The following you will find a description of these skills and the sources of your development by managers in health organizations.
The sources of the electricity base of a manager in the health organizations on a personal side include the following elements and aspects.that enables the needs of the subordinate. This is influenced by adequate trust in the skills of the leader. Secondly, the right to power is conditioned by the measure of the recognition of subordinate. It is the desire to influence other people that are inManifest the desire to strengthen the reputation of man, to give persistent advice and to offer help (Gopee & Galloway, 2017).The information can become a source of influence for both the manager and the assistants.Adjutant consciously or unconsciously strives to imitate the leader because he wants to be.
The sources of the power of a manager on an organizational (positional) basis include the following components. A health manager in organizations must have enough powers to influence decision -making. For exampleA director uses the tactics of the reward in its activities, which contributes to strengthening the legal rights of the authorities. A power is determined by the level of formal application to management and influence through positive reinforcement.The behavior of subordinates by referring, fines, downhill lines, layoffs, but should remember that such strength is exercised by fear and that fear restricts the initiative and creativity.can use (Mason et al., 2020). This is also given the possibility of influencing others.
In summary, power is an opportunity to influence the behavior of other people, and is a supplement to the formal forces of the heads. It is determined by the position that the manager has in the organization.For problems within the structure.Jeder manager in the health system, a constant development of this quality needs to achieve the effective functioning of the company..