The success of Phineas Taylor Barnum can largely be attributed to his skills as a marketing specialist and the sensational nature of its products and services.To assess the main elements that made it possible to successfully market them as a product to interested customers. From his curiosity museum to his circus, Barnum often issued curiosity in his audience.is a little less direct and thus causes secrets and curiosity within the viewers (Foster, 2017). Similarly, Barnum prioritized a number of functions in his marketing, including advertising for a large demographic, massive PR stunts, the continued marketing and the provisioninteresting stories.
Assuming that a modern advertising for barnums would include unique and continuous advertising via social media platforms. The experience of experience would also benefit from the visual and experience -oriented elements of his company, video, audio and image content.Reaching a large population group is likely that not only advertising, but also the experience itself could be provided.are active. Working a lot of circuses with a live audience, certain programs and companies have success in the implementation of live stream functions. This would be particularly advantageous for Barnum because he prefers to achieve a large customer population.
While the ability to see a performance through a television is not new, the accessibility of streaming platforms is a superior choice for companies. This is due to the fact that an event -oriented stream has no time construction and has freedom, advertising inInsert the desired time window (Nichols, 2021). This approach essentially enables the company manager to have complete creative control in their presentation of experience, whereby the only restriction is the rules of the streaming platform.Streams the narrative element implemented in its earlier marketing strategies that Barnum has implemented.
Virtual shows have become more common within the current day and are often hosted through conference or other communication-centered software.Such strategy benefits. It differs from a live stream by offering customers a closer and more personal view of the actors and even possible interactive functions. The modern web design enables websites and marketing campaigns much more interactivity and customer loyalty than before. This is an element,that is probably used by Barnum because the customer should feel that they had made a worthwhile purchase.
Both approaches offer a number of advantages and disadvantages. During a live stream, offers content for a wide audience, he compromises the commitment with the audience. However, a virtual show is likely to be more expensive and have a smaller customer pool, but offers a unique experience that the audienceProbably satisfied. It would even be possible that Barnum will implement both strategies and different price levels. In summary, it can be said that performative and experience -based services in the world of digital marketing have potential.