A crisis is a time or an event that can lead to a dangerous or unstable situation that a person, a society or a group burdens.or not at all. A crisis can assume different forms: robbed, attacked or harassed, exposed to death or illnesses or even lose a job. Merch sometimes it can be triggered by internal stress factors such as despair with undesirable self -talk. The crisis requires attention.The search for help is therefore helped to tackle a number of problems that you may not have taken into account.-19 pandemic I was involved in a serious financial crisis that caused me to look for emergency aid to seek several companies and individuals to intervene in my situation.
The crisis
The Covid 19 pandemic was an emergency disaster that every person did not know that they were not conscious and unprepared. I am one of the people who were negatively affected by the outbreak in many ways.And my life ran smoothly because I had an income to take care of our family.Income used to pay my fees because I took part in part -time studies in a nearby institution. I had never got in any form of a financial crisis; I couldn't think that something like this could happen to me.
When the Covid outbreak was announced, the government imposed strict restrictions and regulations for companies such as the closure of hotels and restaurants in order to minimize the interaction of people.By losing her work, what has been abrupt with no prediction. I lost my job unexpectedly without savings, without investing or another source of income, and I was the nutrition of our family. That led to depression because I had no idea whatI should do it afterwards, and everyone else looked at me.
At first I thought that the covid outbreak was at short notice. So I had little hope of taking up the work after a while. Then the disaster lasted every day without signs of customers, and one day she met our family. My parents have with the illnessinfected and I got sick later. That was the worst moment of my life because I had to look for medication for you and myself, even though I was financially unstable., on which they could not help further because the drug was expensive. I could no longer stand and decided to apply for an emergency aid from agencies because the whole family had gone into an unpleasant state.Federation, they helped our family to get the necessary medication and support us financially for a while until I became good.
Diploma
A crisis can be in different forms such as a financial crisis and occur at any time regardless of the economic status. This includes immediate intervention by applying for help from agencies, friends or family members.To apply for any form of help. If you do not help early after experiencing a crisis, you can extend personal stress and lead to bad decisions.