The health of the population is one of the values ​​for society.It is therefore an important task that everyone should participate without exception. Changes to the functioning of state structures and the ongoing transition to market relationships lead new approaches for the organization and methodological support for the training, retraining and advanced training of nursing specialists.Those who carry out the care process in the provision of obstetric and gynecological care ensures women and families in various life periods medical and preventive care, observation, examination, rehabilitation, care and necessary support.
For women, the decision to end pregnancy can be based on various factors. Discussion is the targeted or random termination of pregnancy (Endler et al., 2019). In some countries, abortions are officially allowed, while others are allowed to support the inadmissible support of a targetedSupport from medical personnel are limited. In addition, different religions differ in their attitude towards abortion. Throughout the way, women who come to the idea and decision for abortion, have a different life situation and the conditions for the termination of pregnancy.
A nurse plays the role of a consultant, mentor, the assistant in relation to a woman and family. The nursing staff has to meet all phases of the care process: carry out a first evaluation, identify the problems of the patient, plan the work, carry out planned care, conclusion, conclusionsfrom care. This is an essential part of the work of the nursing staff, medical deonology. A nurse spends much more time with patients than with the medical staff (Mainey et al., 2020). The ability to observe medical ethics,Keeping medical secrets and the secrets of the patient so as not to disclose them is the duty of every paramedical worker. Throughout the same plays a sensitive and conscientious attitude towards patients a very important role in the performance of their work.
At the same time, nursing staff meets all the requirements of this medical facility and the appointment of the attending doctor., Modern methods of obstetrical care, prevention and treatment of complications of pregnancy and birth developed.
The nursing worker, who carefully observes the patient, should immediately inform the doctor about all the patient's changes.). In this case, the role of the nurse is to convey the information completely and objectively without personal prejudices. The same way should be given advice on the patient's health and not the nurse's personal attitude towards the question of abortion.At the time of the presentation of such information, the soft skills of a nurse are important to combine the function of psychological and medical care.
In summary, there is always a high professionalism of medical workers, including the nurses. A nurse must have an understanding of medical ethics and follow you when working with patients.In this regard, the patient has to be informed about the possible consequences, subordination, objective narrative and the exclusion of the personal point of view of the nurse.