Mark Hendrickson's article entitled "Advance Agent of Expanding Empires: George F. Becker and Mineral Exploration in South Africa and the Philippines" examined the role of geologist in the design of the American imagination of imperial expansion. The first paragraphs of the article describe the time,in which the British Empire suffered from its inaccurate colonial policy, especially in South Africa, in which the British had constant conflicts with the local Boer government. In this sense, the author steers the reader's attention to George Becers Persona, the experience in the South African regionFull of gold mines and political instability (Hendrickson 2019). He also worked in the Philippines, which was recently occupied against the Spaniards after Admiral Dewey's victory.
I believe that the main argument proposed by the author was that the country needed the country like Becker in view of the Global Transformation of the United States.Could. In this way, Hendrickson Becker's extraordinary position as educator within the American political elite of this time (Hendrickson 2019). For example, Theodore Roosevelt, the future president of the United States, was a great fan of Becker for his extensive knowledge of the Philippines,including the political reality of the Asian country.
I partially agree to this statement, since Becker actually contributed to raising awareness of the resources of the certain regions and the geopolitical success of the American regions. Beckers became one of the most influential scientists of his time in scientific and political societiesHe gave his return from South Africa a lecture on the political situation in the country in which he spent more than half a year at Columbia University, and this speech became his goal on popularity.The most common cause of political problems in South Africa (Hendrickson 2019) was a lack of political leaders who were able to rule the country in view of the recent geo -economic discoveries that turned out to be prophetic forecast.
Then Becker was submitted to the Philippines to obtain general information about the country's mineral assets. Speeding was informed of the general public that America's mission was to bring civilization into the corners and to remain uncivilized. A geological examination was the firstStep to bring the enlightenment on the Philippines.Hendrickson (2019), however, assumes that Becer's mission in the Philippines was anything but geological interest.could tolerate foreign nations.
Although her statement by Hendrickson is certainly justified, Becher's personality is definitely questionable and controversial. The geologist actively took part in military operations against Filipino. He took part in army waltz against foreign people on her ground, but also deliberately deteriorated his reports for the AmericanAudience at the request of the US Senator Beveridge, which beyond, they called rebels "sincerely, although misguided patriots", "adventurer" and "pursuer of Charms of a exciting life" (Kramer 2018).in the eyes of the American public.
It must be noted that Becker's image of the gold deposits in South Africa influenced both mining processes and the British colonial policy in Africa, which justified British aggression against the locals.In the Philippines and beyond (Hendrickson 2019). So Becker was one of the significant contribution to American expansion policy and found most of the western countries of foreign policy in terms of countries that are weaker but rich in mineral sources.