Alan Westin identifies four main functions of privacy: personal autonomy, emotional release, self -evaluation as well as limited and protected communication. The first thing relates to how privacy is of central importance for maintaining your own meaning for individuality (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014)The need of the individual means to relieve himself of the psychological stress that lives inseparable with a society for which privacy is also indispensable (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014).A preliminary illness for a thorough self -reflection (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). For the limited and protected communication, privacy is important so that people can only share confidential information with those you want instead of everyone.
The constitution does not explicitly mentions the right to privacy. The position of the Supreme Court in this regard is roughly the case in the sense that he does not concentrate on the privacy itself.Court of Justice only in connection with the admissibility of a state search for text messages (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). With other words, the Court of Justice has not described a specific right to privacy, but only drawn up on the technical searches on a directly relevant constitutional basis.To the extent that the Supreme Court finds privacy in the constitution, this is justified.
Westin and the Supreme Court generally attack the privacy in their view. In Riley against California, the court said that the search for a cell phone is illegal without an arrest warrant and recognized the quick value of digital devices for the identity of people (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). The importance of being safe in digital communication corresponds directly to the function of Westin of limited and protected communication. In a similar way, the amount of personal information stored on an average mobile phoneAdvanced itself, which makes it valuable for both personal autonomy and self -explanation, and then the position of the Supreme Court implicitly recognizes the value of data protection functions, as defined by Westin.