Rhinoceros is an incredible woodcut by Albrecht Durer. He created a woodcut image that was reproduced several thousand times of the animal, which showed a significant interest of the European people in Asia.History of the picture can be used to describe relationships between Europe, India and the Islamic world.
It is important to start with several facts from Albrecht Durer's biography. He was a famous and well -known artist who made special works of art.and had created written samples from Lisbon (Monson 51). It was an extremely influential Italian and knew many other influential people of the time, including Raphael, Leonardo da Vinci and Bellini.Durer's rhinoceros became one of the most popular pictures of the time.
The image of the rhinoceros created in 1515 was inaccurate. The picture shows that a rhinoceros is covered with armor plates.Watch rhinos (Feiman 22). Thrash also has a small horn on the back, scaly legs and merging -tied rear quarters. This functions are not available in a rhinoceros.-Show bought how interested the public was from the east.
The rhinos shown by Durer had a fascinating story. It was sent several times as a gift and was always the special art that every recipient would admire (Feiman 22). For example, it was sent to King Manual of Portugal, where it was extremely popular.King Manual even started a fight between an elephant and the rhinoceros to see who the winner would be.Year 1515. This shows favor and attention.
The rhino was not the only time that an animal was used as a diplomatic gift. For example, it was a gift between different nobles all over India and the Islamic world.Time was made (Moson 51). The animals were often sent to maintain diplomatic relationships with the western world and to know the increased interest in exotic animals.
In summary, Durer's nashorn shows the interest of the 16 16th century in animals from the east.The diplomatic interests of India, the Islamic world and Europe, since the animal first has to do with an Islamic king, a European king and then the Pope.