The kidney failure in the final stage (ESRF) is a decrease in the elimination filtration systems of the kidneys, which have arisen due to the death of nephrons and were provoked by chronic ornamental tanks.The incidence of ESRF has recently reached more than 1 out of 7 adults in the USA, with 144 cases being reported worldwide (Cobo et al., 2018). In the past ten years, the prevalence of ESRF has increased parallel to the rapid growth of the population, including about 759 people per million (Benjamin & Lappin, 2021). In 2017, the mortality rate caused by ESRF was 28%, with frequent comorbidities of ESRF high blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases and malignancy (Cobo et al., 2018).
The body cavity connected to the disease is the abdominal cavity in which the kidneys, the most important affected organs are located, are gradually losing its functions and filtering the blood.On (Cobo et al., 2018). The body system affected is the urinary system that cannot efficiently remove waste from the blood. However, changes in the central nervous system can also occur, such as:B. sleep disorders, concentration problems and inhibited reactions.
Prefixes that could be used to describe the disease are nephro, hemato, patho- and reno-.Can be used to indicate the problems with blood filtration. Patho, which means disease, can be used to explain the pathological nature of ESRF.
A useful suffix for Esfr could be -Aal, defined as "about"; for example, kidney "is the kidney". Another suffix is ​​-ic, which has the same meaning.can be used to discuss the state of ESRF, whereby the process also refers.
The combination of forms that can be used to describe ESFR can be kidney, nephrics and nephritic, which means "in relation to the kidney".Renogenic ones are also used to describe the excretion body system, since these words are "derived from the kidney or are derived from the kidney". Renopathy and nephropathy can be used to discuss kidney disorder.Kidney system is specific because it refers to the tumor of the kidney cortex. Nephrocytes are a cell that is involved in the excretion process.
Since chronic kidney failure leads to a decrease in hemoglobin levels, hematopoies is a term with this disorder.et al., 2018). Hypertension is defined as an increased blood pressure. Myocarditis is an inflammation of the heart muscles. Pericarditis is the swelling of the pericardial of the heart. Herzin sufficiency, in which the heart cannot pump blood efficiently, can occur.Also observed in most ESRF patients (Cobo et al., 2018). Haut irritability is a frequent symptom during the ESRF. Anemia or lack of hemoglobin is also closely related to ESRF.the patient's intestinal movements become watery.
It is extremely difficult to maintain my productivity. I feel tired most of the time. I often have a dry mouth and recently lost a lot of body weight. I noticed that my skin is less normal, has less color and is slightly irritated.