The idea of ​​white in get out
Get out shakes the myth of America as a post -racist country. All frightening, like everything funny, in get out, comes from the fear that members of the former master race and the former slave race have for each other.Film are not white, the black hate for their breed. The director shows whites who love blacks and even envy them with creepy, dangerous and insensitive machines.to be treated positively only because of its skin color.
Go first and resemble parodies somewhere, say who comes to dinner. It was made exactly 50 years ago - when an interracial marriage was an scandal and simply stopped having stopped a crime.To be a thing of the past; however, the question is: "Everything has gotten better since then?". In Kramer's film, the nuance was that the parents were progressive liberals, but the commitment of their daughter with Sidney Poitier was a shock for her. Peel corrects for the Obama era and leads the situation up to the absurdity - Roses parents and her friends, older rich whites, make every effort to show their openness.Jargon and start almost rapping, but of course all of this only proves that the crack that separates the American people has not disappeared. A nice fence surrounded it.
Peele uses these small, everyday incidents in Get Out to show how someone accidentally or deliberately feels an outsider other than an outsider, this is creating an ever greater feeling of hostility.To convey the truth about manifestations of racism to the audience.
Examples in film, television or media in which whites seems to be the standard
In many films, a black hero must be recognized by the viewer in many films, and must have an impressive story. SYED in turn claims that white characters are interesting for the fact of their existence.(1939), Dixiana (1930) and Mississippi (1935) Both the capitalist exploitation of the Africans mask as well as reveal them. This films show American workers through images of opulent plantations and dazzling, wealthy white southern families. In these films the stiffness of theConsider white through interracial relationships. Dominate white, but are dependent on black people to the point where the actions of African -American characters on the screen serve as an expression of the emotions of white characters in order to maintain a reserved vision of the world of white.Characters are the interest of the viewer based on pity for them in these films.
An equally striking example is the film Green Book staged by Peter Farelli. One of the heroes is a black pianist with conservative training, elegant manners and flavors. The other white Italian origin, on the contrary, is very simple and direct, directly to its rudeness.Damit Don gains recognition in society, he does an enormous amount of work itself. At the same time, social principles do not allow him to live the ordinary life for whites. Dony of his many defects and some lousy character is Tony popular in his environment.
However, there are films in which the directors violate Hollywood -White. Ryan Coogler's Black Panther (2018) has a some criticism of some criticism of unjust racial oppression.Destinating the white predominance. With Coogler's work it seems mainly about creating a black Hollywood aesthetics.