Several reports were sent to the Ministry of Agriculture of the US Agriculture on the recent spread of an unknown epidemic on a farm in Montana. The report describes that the cattle began to show strange and abnormal behavior.to generate a reduced amount of milk and problems with the orientation (Broucek et al., 2017).Could (Houston and Andréoletti, 2019). Lack is referred to as the PRPSC and regarded a misfolded form of protein -PrPC, which can be replicated and can be transferred under the same species and also to other species.
In this regard, it is fair to assume that BSE could be transferred to humans by taking sick beef meat.2019). It is associated with the development of neurological and psychological problems, intellectual deterioration, change in behavior and reduced coordination. The European Center for Prevention and Convention (2017) is the average incubation period of this type of prion disease in humansYears, while it is twice lower for cattle. There is a high risk that farmers already have VCJD, but still without symptoms. This reason I was sent to the farm to collect the brain tissue sample of the recently dead animals, and some of theAllegedly affected farmers were invited to the research center, which happened to confirm or reject the original hypothesis in terms of BSE and VCJD.
In fact, the laboratory results show that both the cattle and some farmers have isoforms from PRPC -Prion protein - PrPSC.can (US Food & Drug Administration, 2020). Distant on the other hand claims that the disease can be demonstrated in humans by analyzing the lymphoid tissue.The lymphoid tissue was analyzed in her brain. In order to achieve certain results. In the Labor, the first step included the conventional histopathology analysis of the brain and lymphoid tissue. Next, an immunohistochemical test was carried out to determine whether the sample fabric was-Prionprotein has.
Both "Mad Cow disease" and VCJD are relatively youngest diseases. The first case of BSE was registered in Great Britain in 1986, and the first case of VCJD was reported only a few years later in the same country (Kim et al., 2016).The original cause of the BSE was a meat and bone meal. This reason our examination of the etymology of the disease began from the food that the cattle consumed.and Great Britain -to feed their cows. Another search for the cause of the epidemic showed that it recently found a case of BSE in Somerset, Great Britain (McCarthy, 2021). Next I spoke to the farm managerin Somerset and found that they bought the nutritional supplements from the same company in Great Britain as our farmers in Montana. The main source of the BSE and VCJD epidemic was identified.
Unfortunately, no treatment is developed to heal both BSE and VCJD. Normally, the sick animals die in two weeks to several months. What concerns the farmers concerned, they can live up to the first symptoms up to 12 years.suspects that all cattle are placed on the farm under quarantine until all animals and farmers are tested.