Ethics shapes the condition of many companies and shows the intentions of the owners to improve consumers' lives. Ethical considerations are rules that the company should record while making significant decisions about its customers and creditors (Schmitz & Leoni, 2019).The integrity of Key West Stores is an ethical consideration because it affects the company's business activity. The accountant shows no integrity in her job and exposes the risk because the creditors are offended. It is also unfair if the business is to blameTranslates to the postal dream and the mail, since you know that you are liable for the delay of the delivery of the checks.
The stakeholders affected by the conspiracy are the creditors, the postal dream and the mail. During the creditor, the creditor loses money by paying more interest, accusing the postal dream and the mail The delays in the cheek.Business depends and therefore pay for the excessive demanding money from Key West Stores. The company deserves with the perfected delays, hence the only party that benefits.Disprint your feelings if she does not agree to the lies.
Tiffany should not be continued with the immoral practices started by Jay because they are at risk of losing their trustworthiness in the organization. The business should give her a position to carry out her duty without oppression.To protect the industry through opposing behaviors that bring their risk of losing their jobs. If it continues the delays, their integrity becomes questionable and it does not fit in to stand for the position of the assistant accountant.Continue to continue delay if it is willing to protect your future career as an accountant.Tiffany can choose to leave the job and protect her image as a professional accountant.
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) creates certain standards for accountants and provides them with behavioral skills that lead accountants for various behaviors.Request, remain steadfast (AICPA, 2016). The integrity and objectivity of an accountant is a professional code of conduct that is of crucial importance for image structure and professionalism. Accountants should be truthfully and reliable if they handed over information.Being to give the statements of timelessness. If information is timeless, this is useful for sound and timely decisions. Key West Stores should correct your behavior for ethical continuity.
As an assistant accountant, I would write management to inform you about my lack of willingness to participate in fraud.And supported it again and again, I would leave the office to protect my image and my professionalism. If the management supports my request to convert false business, I would accept the offer and work as an accountable, transparent and reliable assistant accountant,By presenting the checks within the appropriate time, I can also act as a whistleblower to alert the outside world over the fraudulent actions of the Key West Store.