The history of medical research was rather unfriendly for women, often neglected the differences in female anatomy and not the recognition of women -specific topics, whereby male to complain.is rather unfortunate how the case of Henrietta is missing. The case of Henrietta was the case of racism and neglect of racism and neglect the dignity that raises the global community. The joke images of the type of problem, especially racism and disregardThe integrity of the physical autonomy of women, Skot condemns abuse that has not suffered, and therefore paved the way to new, fair and impartial medical research.
What makes Skloot's work remarkable is the focus of the narrative. In particular, Skloot reduces the meaning and effect of the discovery that the researchers have made, not.Academic and racist injustices that have been observed in the case observed in the analysis are observed. This is appealed to the principles of the autonomy of research participants and the fundamental rights of an individual, especially the right to physical integrity: “I only remember this diseasehad, and immediately after their death they called me in office, my permission would like to make a way of making it not to let them do ”(Skloot).
In addition, the socio -cultural problems that can be regarded as a prerequisite in the event were discussed in detail and with charges in the narrative.To hide medical processes to which the lack of deficiency was subjected.Her case particularly regrettable."Great was over" (Skloot). The passage given makes the indifference of science towards endangered population groups, namely African -American women and women who belong to other minority breeds and thet methods.The supply has been impressed and at the same time proves the researchers to promote the health care they funded.
By emphasizing injustice and racism that were not suffered, Skloot examinations were exposed to the research that have not been taken into account regardless of their physical autonomy in a very simple and unapologist.and the need to recognize the rights of minority groups, and thus recognize a convincing and thinking about that. Skot promotes compassion with the victims of systemic injustice, in particular racism, and creates the narrative that creates a deep sympathy for deficiency and at the same timeThe importance of combating racism promotes the need to recognize the need to recognize the humanity of oppressed groups, especially African -American women, which are exposed to a variety of injustices, the rejection of their dignity and autonomy one of the most outrageous examples.