Globalization is the extent to which information, investments, trade, political cooperation, cultural values ​​and social ideas flow between different countries.To be set from different countries, buying raw materials from the best sources and selling goods in various markets (Samson et al., 2020).
A global way of thinking is the ability of a manager to recognize and influence people or organizations with different cultural, social, political and psychological background (Samson et al., 2020). It has become essential for international companies because managers are constantly with peopleInteracting different perspectives. To ensure effective operations and cooperation, managers should be able to understand these perspectives instead of adhering to a worldview that prevails in their home country.
The international landscape is changing because China, India and Brazil show economic growth and play an important role in global business. For exampleIn 2005 increased to 98 in 2015 (Samson et al., 2020). China grows through the production, India develops economically economically through services, software design and precision technology.
A multinational company (MNC) is a company with more than 25% of the income that comes from other countries than the home country of the parent organization (Samson et al., 2020).Management authority characterized that make important decisions for the parent company and all connected companies (Samson et al., 2020).
Outsourcing refers to participation in a global division of labor that enables companies to complete certain activities at locations with the cheapest raw materials and work (Samson et al., 2020).Stay while produced for sale to other countries. The licensing is an entry -level strategy in which the company in a country offers companies in other countries access to certain resources such as technology or trademark rights to produce and sell its products abroad(Samson et al., 2020) .Direct Investing is an entry -level strategy in which the company manages its production facilities in another country.