The problem of slavery in the United States is a complex series of socio -economic, socio -political, civil law, racist questions, whose roots go deep into American history.Examines the human side of historical changes. The most important points that are emphasized in the lecture focus on the socio -economic differences between the two systems, the actual lifespan of slaves and the methods of the rebellion of black people.
First of all, it is worth noting that the two regions that form a union were actually not so culturally and ideologically different. The American society of the 1860s remained deeply racist with narrow exceptions.Where white, at least not before life with their black slaves were shy under the same roof. The slavery in the north was not abolished for religious and moral, but for economic reasons. In the beginning of the climate, such labor -intensive agricultural sectors developed as rice growth, growth of cotton growth, ofGrowth of tobacco, in which the slave work had the most important effect, simply not.
In addition, the north and south have shared economic interests since both the development of western areas, the construction of railways.Southern slavery for their cruelty and barbarism and showed terrible stories of black people who suffer from the rules of the institutions in which they were, at the same time the same wishes and dreams as the same wishes and dreams Americans.
In addition, the second point concerns the life of slaves and, as it used to be perceived in the south, in contrast to the ideas shared in the north.In addition, the slave owners mocked and convicted the capitalist lifestyle of the northern countries and looked at a free worker much more powerless than the colored people. The main argument for this position was that slaves were freely expressed their identity by sang folk songs and preaching their customs and their religion at the same timeUnveil photos of mutilated blacks and refugee stories the terrible side of the southern system and sober from the naive and blind conviction that slavery will give more freedom and calm, so the actual life of people with color over time is increasingly realistic outlines andexplains the true meaning of the songs of the enslaved.
Finally, the lecture describes the opposition to the Black System System itself. The striving for literacy can be seen as an example of the struggle for freedom.Performed to read, write and say their thoughts.They also tried to carve their free temperament through minor and more serious despite being carved, from theft to physical abuse.
In general, the video shares considerable everyday and cultural moments that are important for understanding the slavery system and the prerequisites of the American civil war. However, this discussion remains unclear.criticized the southern state so vehemently, which in turn were not shy to be in close contact with the slaves. Fook of the fact that the southern economy remained in development, why was the confederation because of its dependence on exports and the agricultural industry so far towardsCapitalism, especially against capitalism? It is hard to imagine that the problem of slavery was so fundamental that the southern states were even ready to leave the union.