Cultural humility is a concept that must be implemented in organizations of the human service to improve the effectiveness, responsiveness and accessibility of services provided.the cultural humility was introduced as a "lifelong commitment to self-evaluation and criticism, to make up for power-hungry weights ... and to develop mutual and non-paternalist partnerships with communities on behalf of individual and defined population groups (Greene-Moton & Minkler,2020, 2020, 2020 ,, 2020 ,, 2020, defined population groups "(Greene-Moton & Minkler, 2020 ,, 2020, p. With other words, cultural humility increases the awareness of the nursing service providers for the cultureService recipient through self -reflection and self -observation.
Although the majority of the organizations of human service understand the importance of cultural humility; however, not every organization has an explanation of the cultural humility/security.“The explanation is indicated that the organization offers services for increasingly diverse population groups in terms of breed, cultural background, language, age, gender and sexual orientation (Cceh, 2015).and cultural reaction ability to definition. The explanation describes the population that it serves and shows awareness of the matter, which is of crucial importance for the provision of services of the highest quality.Head of the organization's practice in relation to cultural security.
While the statement is appropriate, there are two considerable defects. The organization does not describe how the principles of cultural security have been implemented in practice.Daily practice led, the organization creates an increased focus on cultural competence instead of cultural humility. In contrast to cultural competence, cultural humility recognizes the inability to understand the complicated nature of a person's culture (Greene-Moton & Minkler, 2020).At the same time, cultural humility undertakes to learn about the culture of other people, which is recommended that the organization places a greater focus on cultural humility.
If I were the head of the organization, I would try to find a medium for communication with some groups of younger homeless people in Connecticut. For example, the organization gives the organization that more than 30% of the used population are young Hispanics (Cceh, 2015). This population can have problems communicating with service providers. However, if the organization asks a bilingual young adult to communicate with the population, this would have a greater impact on the results. Such practice would improve the cultural humility of the organization.