In the craft beer industry, as in many other strategically essential components of the macro environment, these valuable components include the degree of increase in total beer consumption, the growth rate of beer exports to different countries and the shift in the drinking performance.how important indicators such as expanded company management and the spread of the potential increase in business costs are based on the establishment of the Labor Act.
The competition in the craft beer industry is relatively high due to its increasing popularity. This is due to the fact that more and more craft breweries have started to introduce more business transactions into their practice (Garavaglia & Swinnen, 2017).Rivalry between sellers have the strongest power, and the competitive pressure of the manufacturers of replacement products is the weakest.
The strategic map of the craft beer industry can be in such a way that filling systems only have limited distribution. Global producers mainly have an international distribution and a low or insignificant role in pricing. I believe that this strategic group has the greatest advantage. Regional manufacturers are everywhere and offer prices within a small or high range.
Key factors that can determine the success of a start-up craft brewery are access to and reduce sales problems, brand image and "craft beer" niche, the implementation of social media for marketing and sufficient sales volume to achieve scale effects in marketing editions.
The first recommendation for a small handicraft company is a thorough development of a strategy. The risk management is a crucial aspect to avoid future problems.for advertising.
Despite considerable technological improvements, the craft beer industry can be exposed to serious obstacles. At most, it can affect nature and the excessive energy consumption and emissions of waste and by -products. This can seriously slow down the business.-In -producers and beer drinks producers in general of great importance.