introduction
Researchers worldwide examine the concept of backpacking tourism for a long time and expanded the existing knowledge of this area. However, backpack as a movement is constantly being changed, which leads to new iterations and trends. In the essentials, the needs and wishes of the modern backpacker differ from those thatIt was relevant a decade ago. So there is a need to examine the existing situation and examine the new trends that are popular with the members of the backpack community.For hospitality. The current research focuses on determining the latest trends in the area of ​​backpacking tourism and identifying how they can be taken over by Hospitality companies.Analyzing backpack and hospitality. The current literature search will concentrate on three main research goals: Determination of the attractiveness of backpacks for younger generations, the determination of the methods of the hostels to make the experiences of travelers special features, and the analysis of solutions for long -term sustainabilityFrom backpack trends.
Goal 1: backpack and younger generations
Backpacking is a relatively new phenomenon that was created a few decades ago and explained the lack of academic research on this topic in the 20th century. The concept of drifting tourism introduced in the 1970s was one of the first attempts by researchersto examine the topic of unconventional tourism.The characteristics of autonomy at the same time can be seen as an institutionalized tourism today and has already established itself as one of the conventional travel styles. According to Cohen (1973), young people who wanted to have new life experiences were usually part of the modern backpacker.of all ages, but the younger generation of the generation remain the majority. Since the backpack has developed into an institutional trip, it is viewed by many people as a lifestyle (Cohen, 2011).Describe many backpackers as their lifestyle and call themselves "lifestyle travelers". In essence, the backpack has become a phenomenon that is extremely popular in the tourist community to the point where some people consider it for their main judgment.