The independent variable of this study was a helpful message on the back of the checks in relation to the upcoming specials. The dependent variable was the percentage of the invoice as a tip for the waiter.The potential confusing variables of this experiment can be the food quality, the gender of the server, the size of the dining party and the question of whether customers were regular guests.
The strengths of the study include design transparency, simplicity of implementation and potential replication in various environments. However, the content of the message differes depending on the special, which appeals to customers differently.Establishment classes make it difficult. This factors could affect the drinking results and thus the study results.
In addition, it is unclear whether the mere existence of a personalized message or the news content itself has driven the result. To evaluate this opportunity, the authors could have asked Kellner to write various messages, some without useful content, e.g.B. a good day or a smiley face. In this way, the researchers could have used alternative arrangements that randomly assign the waiters instead of accidentally assigning food parties.
Several aspects of this study could affect their internal validity. The researchers have instructed servers to keep their behavior consistent and thus limit potential confusing variables. Variating attitudes can influence the final tip and thus undermine the causal relationship.Aspects the external validity of research. If the waiter, for example, would be a young adult if the same conclusions on male waiters and older servers would be a challenge in view of the potential gender factor.The high -class restaurant and casual guests equally unreliable. If the food was in the buffet in the buffet, the overall tilt percentage may have been lower due to the perceived lower effort of a waiter, which means that the broader applicability has an effect.
Finally, the study only used two groups, servers and eating feet without size specification. The authors could have used a third group of solo restaurants, which separated groups from the restaurants.To answer groups and the individual, interpersonal interactions.