introduction
United Healthcare -Part of the United Health Group.Tes offers insurance services to improve public health care. Services: Long -term, short -term, dental, critical, medical insurance.Hospitals and facilities.
Structural, mission and vision analysis
Structural analysis
* Hierarchical structure with CEO as a head
* Two VPS business and business development
* The third cluster has Chief Officers offices
* COS responsible for a large part of the internal processes
* Good relationship between the managers
mission
Improve the health system and improve health and well-being. Promotion of general well-being for people and communities. Working with other party specialists and hospitals. This partnerships are a critical business strategy. The approach ensures effective cooperation to health careimprove
vision
Find solutions for problems in the healthcare system. You can access people access and deal with social determinants.
Recommendations for financing facets
Important financial values, income, profit/share. The most important financial values ​​show positive growth rates. The net wealth of investors increases from investments. The company should continue his insurance protection mission. Use COVID-19 to expand the cover.
Recommendations for customer satisfaction facet
Measure %new product sales, %increase in customers. Positive growth rates ( %increase) indicate customer satisfaction. Continuation of the sale of new products and premiums. Solled the customer base with new products.
Recommendations for internal business processes facet
Investation in new and modern technologies. Complex technologies should improve the results of patient health. Investments to support the access of patients to technology-operated services. The company should reduce non-conformity and quality costs.
Recommendations for learning and growth facets
Measurement marketing time, product focus, manufacturing learning. The company invested in 2020 in the empowerment of employees.Percentage of the product representative. The turnover was> 12%. The company should invest in the technology management of employees. Knowledge of employees is required for online insurance customers.
SCORECARD concepts compensate for performance indicators and measures
The risk management problem:
* Customers and employees who are suspected of fraudulent offers;
* Fraudulent through technology to steal the company;
* Employees without skills to recognize fraud;
* Risk not to achieve the corporate goals;
* Risk of dissatisfied customers and company investors
Balanced score card and Erm -solution
Learning & growth: BSC-Misst employee owners and information changes.EM- %employees in risk management training.
Internal business
BSC unity costs/products and percentage costs. ERM- %employees in risk recognition training.
Customer satisfaction
BSC customer contact points in the business process.
Financing service
BSC profit margin, net money, annual returns. ERM customers, returns, surcharge suggestions and warranties that arise. The data identify the risk areas.
Diploma
BSC helps to identify areas with poor performance. Performance measures are reflected in the weaknesses and strengths. Data from measures can help improve performance. The combination of BSC and ERM can identify risks. The risk management is easy with a balanced scorecard.