Love is not just a feeling, but a complex physiological process that occurs in the human body and contains different mechanisms. The chapter "Biochemistry of Love" by Carter & Porges offers an insight into the biological basis of love and relationship.Examined key concepts include the role of oxytocin and vasopressin when creating emotional bonds.
Social behavior is part of the evolutionary process and is found in the most primitive ways. At the same time, the social behaviors of man are more diverse and love is only one of the possible forms., which encounters certain sensations that are transferred from the vagus nerve. At the biochemical level, neuropeptides oxytocin and vasopressin play an important role., 2022).are.
Studies show that oxytocin is not the only hormone that contributes to a loving relationship, since it usually works with vasopressin.Oxytocin that can reduce stress, children to deal with the separation from their mothers into need, which supports their health.
The other two remarkable concepts described in the chapter are the effects of love on the development of the child and the differences in connection with early experiences. Men are particularly sensitive to early traumatic experiences, which can lead to higher vasopress in the body, what can lead to whatThey can make them more aggressive. In essence, negative experiences, including the lack of love, undermine people's health at the level of genes..
At the same time, oxytocin exposure in the early life promotes the ability of a person to love others and shape social bonds. In this way, social engagement is of crucial importance in order to maintain oxytocin at a suitable level, since the isolation leads to an increase in vasopressin.The stress -reducing capacity of oxytocin finally enables people to control people by facilitating the repair of the tissue. Youngest studies also underline the fact that oxytocin can also increase the resilience of people compared to traumatic events (Sharma et al., 2020) After I have read the chapter, I now understand the basic mechanisms that are connected to the social ties on the hormonal level. I think it is important that people continue to examine the effects of oxytocin and vasopress on the human bodyIn particular, additional studies on the effects of hormones on mental health would be an advantage for the creation of new medication for people who are subject to traumatic experiences.
In the chapter "Biochemistry of Love", Carter & Porges show how human interactions and love are connected to the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin.To experience love. Last is responsible for protective aggression and higher in men, which means that they are more traumatized and have disorders on a genetic level.