Nowadays, Asthma has become one of the most common diseases in the United States and in the world. According to information from the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (Aafa, 2021), 25 million people nationwide have not manifested the disease every day, people have people withAsthma annually at least a serious episode.
Pathophysiology
The primary organ affected by asthma is the lungs because the disease will breathe through the narrowing of the respiratory tract and the inability. The bronchoconstriction is one of the main changes in the respiratory tract caused by asthma. According to Sinyor and Perez (2021)This phenomenon for the quick reaction of the respiratory tract to external irritants and triggers. For example, if a person is exposed to a certain allergen, the smooth bronchial muscle creates the airways (Sinyor & Perez, 2021). As one of the most common and obvious reactionsAn allergic reaction or an external trigger, including cold air or movement, can be stopped by bronchoconstriction by limiting the exposure to the deduction or administering epinephrine.
Another physiological manifestation of asthma is respiratory edema. This phenomenon is more complex and challenging for a affected individual. This process includes further inflammation and the occurrence of mucus plugs that block the respiratory tract (Sinyor & Perez, 2021).Creating the respiratory tract structure and restricting the ability to liquidate bronchoconstriction.Respiratory tract, including a more serious and active response to minimal exposure to allergens and other trigger (Sinyor & Perez, 2021). Inspection, consideration of the pathophysiology of asthma can therefore be drawn that the general pattern of the disease by restriction and lung pressureIt is characterized that occurs due to the exposure to an irritant or stimulus.
Symptoms and manifestation
Although asthma is an illness that constitutes unique reactions to allergens, the average physical examination shows the three most common asthma processes, namely:
* Swelling of the respiratory tract;
* Airway clogged by droppings;
* Muscle closure (Aafa, 2022).
These processes in turn show up through signs and symptoms such as shortness of breath, coughing, chest pain and pest.How corticosteroids are used. There are three large asthmazones, including green, yellow and red. Looking for people who have asthma symptoms must take prescribing or fast medication and seek professional clinical support.
While in most cases asthma can be difficult to predict, the most common risk factors are a genetic predisposition for asthma, the conditions in connection with allergic reactions, serious respiratory infections as a child and as a child who are exposed to various irritants and chemicals.Feeling breath, coughing or breathing strength, it is recommended to address a clinical specialist immediately. By using physicalities such as spirometry, specialists can be able to detect diseases early and the asthma attack prophylaxis.