Bakhtiari, Kian. "Why brands have to pay attention to canceling culture." Forbes, web.
The article focuses on the role that plays in the modern corporate environment. The author explains how the Internet is of central importance in the business strategy. It makes a case for and against the "canceling of culture".The article examines the brands that have to react to consumers' attitudes, which are often dictated by social media.
"Cancel, part 1: where it came from." New York Times, uploaded by The Daily, Web.
The podcast contains a conversation about "Cancer Culture" with Jonah Bromwich, a reporter of the New York Times.Jonah, discusses the origins of "cancellation" and emphasizes the role of Twitter in its development. The podcast episode focuses on the effects of the abovementioned trends on the US policy.
Chotiner, Isaac. "Thomas Chaatterton Williams about breed, identity and" Culture ".the New Yorker, Web.
Harper's Bazaar has published a piece with the title "Letter on Justice and Open Debate", which was signed by almost a hundred academics, authors and philosophers.".In an interview with the New Yorker, Thomas mentions the importance of ideological diversity. The interview ends with Thomas' demand for a less censored society.
Gerstmann, Evan. "The breaking of culture is only worsened." Forbes, web.
This article defines "cultural cancellation" and throws the light on its best -known victims. The piece discusses the effects of the phenomenon on normal people. It contains examples from the academic and corporate area..
Greenhut, Steven. "Cancer Culture is a dangerous, totalitarian trend." Reason, web.
The piece revolves around "aborting culture" as an instrument to destroy the political opponent. The author argues that the main purpose of the movement is the oppression. According to the author's information, it is undeniable that t is a form of censorship. "Cancellation can therefore be used to question democracy.
Greenspan, Rachel E. "How" Culture cancel "quickly became one of the most humming and most controversial ideas on the Internet." Business Insider, Web.
The article examines the development of the "aborting culture".It is a social phenomenon that was made popular during the #metoo movement., Ellen Degeneres, Gigi Hadid and others.
Grobar, Matt. "Kevin Hart about the" bad environment "of culture and the defense of Ellen & Nick Cannon:" I know who they are ".
The interview with Kevin Hart focuses on his Oscar scandal in 2018. Hart explains his thoughts to cancel past homophobic tweets. He examines how his worldview has changed since the scandal.And justifies his decision to defend his victims, including Nick Cannon and Ellen Degeneres.
Nossel, Suzanne. "The censorship of" Cancer Culture "can be the most dangerous for those who promote social justice." NBC News, Web.
Suzanne Nossel discusses the positive effects of the "aborting culture".According to the author, this movement has created a wealth of opportunities for social changes. The article calls on people to “cancel” as a dangerous tool. It can indeed be a threat to social justice if it uses institutional authoritiesbecomes.