The article extensively describes the definition of an introverted, the characteristics of its behavior and personal attitudes in the modern model of society. This category of people remains in a world that focuses on mostly extroverted and energetically intensive people.Author is clearly expressed to convey the goals and wishes of introverters to society, the thoughts and feelings of which are often not recognized or neglected. A superficial analysis of the text captures a lively personal attraction of the author and presses intensively based on individual experienceFeelings from a large number of rhetorical questions at the beginning of the message immediately attracts the reader's attention. The article is written in a journalistic style and has a bright emotional color with an indication of a pronounced rejection of global focus on extra version.
The attentive text analysis enables the reader to better understand the personal message of the author. The article is well structured and contains general questions about life and worldview of introverted.The extroverted reader is characterized by the author with "Puppy Dogs" who can listen to a person for a minute and then start "bark" again. A comparison is derogatory and can cause a clear reaction in the reader (Rauch 133)In addition, the author directly states that introverters are more intelligent, more reflective and more sensitive category of humans.
The position of the author is coherent and has the potential to find his reader and supporter, but the aftertaste from the reading is quite ambiguous and lets you think about the excessive drive capacity of the writer. The text does not compare two different categories, but plays but playsThe main personality traits of extroverted vigorously. The author says that the world would be much calmer and saner under the guidance of introverted. This theory can be valid;Extrover "and" introverted "are divided. This article does a good job: to illustrate an alternative radical vision of the modern social model, which is mainly separated between extroverted and introverted.