The narrative structure in the film Carol differs due to the focus on complicated elements of storytelling. The main reason for deviations from the traditional forms of narrative approach is based on the fact that Carol offers a variety of perspectives. The film is not just about Carol or Therese,but changes smoothly from one subordination to the other. Of course, the perspectives of perspectives lead to a coherent and convincing story that is rich in information, emotions and stories elements.
Firstly, it is important to note that the filming of the specified film takes place in the 1950s when the world was significantly more conservative and restrictive, especially with regard to the members of the LGBTQ+ community. "However, it is the way they spokeModern sensitivity of the narrative hits the classic style that is the point "(Turan Par. 4). With other words, the modern approach to use several points of view to the history in combination with classic style, makes the narrative structure unique and complicatedFilm is shot in such a way that the viewers regularly become mere observers of the characters, who do not convey their emotional conditions through words, but by facial expressions, attitudes, attitudes and musical backgrounds. A different assessment states that the viewers “the characters through the windows of oneWatch cars or houses and have left them in a fatty focus ”(Raynes Par. 8). Various places of the film, the audience can watch the protagonists sitting or standing behind windows, and resemble realistic experience, since it normally,How people see strangers instead of being part of private conversations.
Second, the narrative structure differs from the traditional techniques due to attentive and frequent playing art. A film critic cleverly indicates one of Haynes' statements in which he wanted to have a unique narrative structure, and explained: "I had the feeling when itWe have followed a genre very precisely, but it did with dolls and it was very careful and very careful and very done, it could stimulate emotions in a viewer as it would be if it were an actor ”(Barr par. 2).wants to keep as possible.
However, the emotional elements and key aspects of the exchange of the characters are delivered by looking, rigid, smile and other forms of expression. Under the conditions of such a story, the role of a judge is not the role of a judge, producer or screenwriter, but not by the viewer and also not by a single oneThe viewer, but accepted by the audience. If the audience is fascinated by the cinematic picture, the emotions and feelings aroused in it have successfully completed the task. In other words, in Carol's narrative structure, the submission of importance and essence is carried out by the fascinating followers of the protagonists.
In summary, the narrative of the selected film differs from the traditional forms due to the use of several perspectives from which protagonists can be met and observed.To explain, but shows in its natural environment without excessive invasiveness from the perspective of a viewer.