A magic can be described as a simple bike mechanism, which is usually attached to the bottom of a certain object to simplify its movement and reduce the effort that is necessary to change its position.The magician presented consists of six parts that are necessary to guarantee its stable function, to attach and roll the required object. This details are the metal base, two vertical supports, four screws, sockets, axis and oneRad.
The basis consists of formable cast iron and weighs 1083.5 grams. It is the basis for repairing all other objects and putting together the magic mechanism. It should also be attached to a certain surface so that it can be moved.placed the base using the available SHCS screws. The selection of steel like the material is explained by the high pressure caused by objects on the base.
The magician mechanism also has two vertical carriers made of formable cast iron. The main function is to keep the wheel and guarantee its roles without friction on the basis.Use of SHCS crews placed and should also resist a significant load, which explains the selection of the material for production.
The mechanism has four socket head screws (SchS), which are required to remedy vertical supports and ensure their stable position on the basis.to ensure your resistance.
Two sockets are also required for the stable work of the magic mechanism. They consist of tin bearing bronze and weigh 58.9 grams each.to reduce and resist the abrasion.
The mechanism has the axis that is necessary to guarantee that the bike turns the movement of the object and simplifies. It consists of AISI 1020 carbon steel and weighs 182.2 grams.The wheel caused and the mass of an object that should be moved resisted.
Finally, the bike is the last detail of the magic mechanism. It consists of formable cast iron and is placed between two vertical supports using an axis and two sockets. My mass is 872.5 grams and is therefore the second largest detail below the other.Lochs in the middle of the wheel should correspond to the size of the axis to ensure that it is possible to put together the mechanism and achieve its stable work.
Overall, all details enable the element or object to be moved.The alignment of the two vertical carriers is selected when a magic noble is mounted on the required surface. The axis with two sockets on the sides enables the wheel without friction and ensures the stable work of the mechanism. The use of metal and carbon steel guarantees the demanding strengthsAnd the ability to resist pressure during service.