All plenty of biological species have a significant impact on the planet by consuming natural resources. Dogs and cats are more popular than pets, are often examined under attention for their psychological effects on humans, but their negative environmental influences also take into account.to summarize the most important environmental impact of these animals with a focus on food consumption, infectious diseases, survival of species and global warming.
As domesticated animals, cats and dogs fit into the environment in a special way. Animals that live with pet owners in urban areas form a new category of consumers that require digestive products in various price categories, animal toys, care products and other pet products (Ferguson, 2020).Without need to search for smaller animals to survive, domestic dogs and cats who can go outside need their predatory impulses to be satisfied (Ferguson, 2020).Birds and rodents lead, and the abandoned prey can attract dangerous disease monitoring, such as:B. rats in the city. The situation could be different for stray cats and dogs, as they are asked to eat from garbage containers and protect their territory, which includes the spread of infections and aggression towards animals and humans.Dog droppings contain viruses and parasites that can get into water supply systems, which causes people and the water life to harm (Ferguson, 2020). The presence of dogs and cats cannot be unnoticed in terms of global surroundings.
The influence of dogs and cats on the ecosystem as a whole is quite negative. First of all, the presence of free domestic pennies is widely recognized as a mechanism of the "human disorder of the local animal populations" (Morin et al., 2018, p. 2)Actively deal with hunting and can even contribute to the extinction of the rare types (Ferguson, 2020). In the case of quantified quantification, hunting -related damage from cats is seven times larger than from dogs (Morin et al., 2018).Bound habitats, which could make their ecological effects of omnipresent and less noticeable (Morin et al., 2018).is emphasized in modern studies (Morin et al., 2018).
When determining the general influences of cats and dogs on the ecological system, especially in comparison to other domesticated species, the food consumption patterns and their effects are of crucial importance. Accordingly, the latest energy consumption study of OKin (2017) are cats and dogs in the USAUp to 30% of the ecological and ecological effects of meat product consumption are responsible. The meat production is more energy -intensive and promotes erosion to a greater extent compared to plant food (OKIN, 2017). In view of this, cats and dogs surpass many domesticated species with plant diets such as sheep,Horses or herbivendos rodents in their negative effects on the ecosystem., 2017).
Finally, both cats and dogs have an enormous influence on the environment and the ecosystem. As carnivorous species, they actively consume products of animal origin for which essential natural resources are produced, and contribute to greenhouse gas emissions. The hunting behavior of these domesticated animals canThe survival of the local species influence, and parasites in their feces can cause human diseases and water pollution and make stray dogs and cats a source of danger.