The novel atonement written by Ian McEwan touches the topic of the meaning of the letter. The author uses various literary devices to convey many topics within the novel. With the omniscient narrator, the author tries to show the emotions of a person who tries toto pay the sins through writing. The image of the main character of the novel Briony shows how the letter can help people to accept their own sins.To reflect guilt by writing.
The importance of writing and the narrative for coping with guilt, loss or trauma is mainly expressed by two literary devices. The first is the irony: situation and verbal. The irony is a satirical technique with which the writer evaluates the topic thatDouble meaning includes the truth is not in the statement, but in its opposite meaning. The author uses verbal irony to convey the emotions of the characters more in more detail. "Now they stay on the salad while the rest of us suffer" (121). This type of irony is used to condemn the behavior of the narrator. Such a writing structure is a way to commit yourself guilty in the actions that cause the suffering. "When the wounded screamed, you have dreamed of somewhereto share a small house ”(227). This quote also contains the narrator's conviction on their actions against loved ones.
The narrator who creates a novel wants to give characters the opportunity to live life that they had no chance of living.becoming, and the narrator has no chance of being awarded, so she creates a novel in which she can pay for her sins. The situational irony is used to present the narrator's repentance that tries to use the writing to use withto be finished. At the end of the book, the narrator admits that the reunification of characters had never happened (310). The happy ending exists because it decides to pay for its own sins. The writer is notable to change your life and create a new life for these people in history.
Another element that contributes to expressing the topic mentioned is the omniscient narrator mode. In such novels, the narrator also acts as a character and identifies with the first person pronoun "I". In such a narrator it enables the thoughts and feelings of theNarrative, hidden and to make an external observer inaccessible and inaccessible, and opens the way to various forms of self -observation. "How can a novelist achieve an openness to the asset if you are also God with your absolute strength to decide?"325). This example shows that the narrator sees the letter as a relief measure to overcome the loss. The narrative mode enables the reader to understand that the narrator wants to be together and cannot overcome if he canThe reader is actually separated from them that the atonement sacrifice was impossible for the narrator. The writing devotes her life to the people whose lives have ruined.by writing.
For me personally, the topic discussed is of crucial importance for me and the entire society to understand the emotions of the writer. The life is uncontrollable, and many events that people pursue all their lives.Overcome. Letter is the perfect opportunity to remain true to the relatives and to express his regret. Morally makes it easier to read and accept the author's confessions.And to remember tragedies what is of crucial importance for ethical development and cultural heritage of society.