Chapter I
The first chapter describes the position of women in Neokonfuzian regimes in China and Japan.1997). The position of women in both companies was quite low, however, since China and Japan were patriarchal countries dominated by men, even though Japan was once a matrilocal system.
The Chinese government passed several laws that should protect the dignity and chastity of women, but in practice they served as serious restrictions on their freedom and violation of their rights.Hard to achieve justice because they had to provide evidence of rape. As a result, the definition of rape was officially established, and it was difficult to classify an attack as a rape if it did not match the definition (Hughes, S. S. & Hughes, B., 1997). The Chinese government limited the position of the widows, since they were forced to either live in the household of their late husband and to take care of the family or to get married again, whereby the entire property and childrenwas left behind in the family of the first husband, so many widows were married again against their will and left without property and call.
Therefore, women in China were forced to protect their chastity themselves, sometimes even with their own lives. Deputy of considerable legal positions and almost without social status, some Chinese women were productive painters.Estimated their works. Women in Japan were grew up with more freedom than in China, even though they should still follow men., but work together in addition to the husband (Hughes, S. S. & Hughes, B., 1997).
Chapter II
The second chapter of the book is devoted to the position of women in the Ottoman Empire in the XVII.Century, men were able to officially marry more than one woman, and many nobles, including the Sultan, had Harems, in which their concubines lived (Hughes, S. S. & Hughes, B., 1997). WarFormer concubines, hurrem, one of the most powerful women in the empire and influenced the politics of the country. Department of all privileges they had, including training and the opportunity to marry a noble, were all women in the harem of the sultan, apart from hisMother and his sisters. The slaves are able to build social interactions with the nobility and gain their support or even friendship.
Apart from that, dynastic marriages in the Ottoman Empire in the 20th century were very popular. It is interesting that Turkish princesses could marry several times in life, since their first marriage was normally taking place at the age of two or three (Hughes, S. S. & Hughes, B., 1997). This politics helped the dynasty to increase its political power and its influence not only within the country.
If you talked about women who did not live in Harems, they have to mention that they could go to court to protect their rights or to solve problems with the estate, marriage, divorce and other questions.Turkish women were applied for almost as often as men (Hughes, S. S. & Hughes, B., 1997). The fact that a woman was able to divorce from her husband, she had to obey him during her marriage more than menA woman and several concubines were free to choose their husbands, and the marriage against the will of the woman was almost impossible.