Chapter 3. India. Women from the Mogul Imperium
In this chapter of the book women in world history, the mogul rule and their consequences for women in conquered countries are discussed. The first concept presented in this book is the aspect of slavery.Slavery was a greater threat to women than adapting to a foreign religion and ways of life. In terms of famine, many women were sold or confiscated in slavery in order to be sold outside of their houses in auctions.
At that time Bhakti, an art movement by the female poet.They were able to present their supporters (many women) everywhere, but this does not mean that women do not have to struggle with acceptance in these areas. A further critical aspect of the life of women was the production of fabric. The cloth was aA large part of the Indian export, and every woman in a castle was able to turn thread (Hughes & Hughes, 1997). The weaving had become family production, and many of them settled near cities,in which silk, cotton and wool were in great demand.
For royal women from Mughal, it was a great responsibility to ensure health and success of younger generations that should take over.Afterwards influenced politics. Only Jahan could exceed the restrictions on power defined for women by worthwhile themselves over the power channels. They enjoyed showing their superiority, but they were able to keep in the background and manipulate others.
Chapter 4. Europe.Hexen, workers and queens
Religious disasters colored the lives of women in Europe in the 16th and 18th centuries. On the one hand, women were able to access a personal approach of a personal approach to salvation.were caused by patriarchy and misogyny, and their effects crippled the trust and trust of the females for the coming age groups. Public executions for witchcraft were opportunities for men, women through pain, humiliation and fear.
A significant shift occurred in the field of female work and strengthening; when former women performed special work and played an outstanding role in politics, men in the men from the 17th century pushed them out of this way., Children who took care of them and took care of them, the greatest priority. Turban craftsmanship, on which women mainly consisted of brewing beer and proven (Hughes, & Hughes, 1997).Beer brewing privileges lost.
While male rulers and philosophers claimed that women were too emotional to rule well, many queens came to power in the 16th century. For many of them, power was inherited, and some of them ruled as regents for male heirs (Hughes& Hughes, 1997). In contrast to the ideas of men, these women were as competent to manage kingdoms as men could be. An excellent example of this is the Maria Theresa of Austria. It radiated courage, ambition and common sense.In addition, she appreciated the training for herself and the authorities. In the life story and her actions serve as refuting against misogynistic ideas within the authority structures.