The patient G. B. is a 50-year-old woman in whom chronically obstructive lung diseases (COPD) were diagnosed for the first time. They spoke the clinic with frequent cough, shortness of breath, tiredness and excess sputum.And an insignificant increase in heart rate from time to time. It is hypertensive, but it controlled her blood pressure with Lisinopril.G.B., however, do not like to go to hospitals and believe that medication is not constantly necessary. They came alone when she is a widow and her children live far away in another country, so she did not want to disturb her, but rather check her condition independentlyAfter the death of her husband, they defined themselves in an accident as an isolated person. They have a close group of friends who sometimes visit, but there is no regular person who discusses their problems or concerns.
Pathophysiology
COPD is a common diagnosis for many adults who smoke in the past. This disease is one of the main causes of morbidity and mortality today (Yawn et al., 2021).In addition to the longer cough, COPD patients have tiredness and the quality of life significantly decreased (early et al., 2019). In most cases, people who smoke suffer, dyspnea or shortness of breath, and clinicians ask to breathe in part of the volumeand exhausting to check their ability to get air (Yawn et al., 2021). If the mucosal surface is exposed to microbial pathogens, the airways of the lungs are inflamed and narrowed (Restrepo et al., 2018).Time is untreated, they can collapse due to mucus clogged formations. The air flow is reduced and the respiratory authorities occur, which makes it problematic and painful, inhale and exhale.
Over time, COPD patients observe new symptoms such as swellings and gasps. They cannot eat well and report an appetite loss, which leads to fatigue and dizziness. In older patients, COPD can cause heart problems and increase the risks for pneumonia and the development of other infectious diseases.Therefore, the care of prevention and therapeutic interventions for all people who are smoking and being exposed to themselves are of crucial importance.
Evaluation
When G. B. spoke to the clinic, a general therapist decided to ask several questions personally to collect enough facts about the disease history. The duration and severity of the symptoms should be estimated to learn the patient's conditionThe evaluation was her physical examination and its vital functions (blood pressure - 145/90, impulse - 100, respiratory rate - 20, body mass index - 28 and o2 saturation 90%). Your violent assessment was within the normal limits, with the exception of your mouth andHer throat that had moist mucous membranes. As the doctor heard her heart and lungs, some noises were unveiled to order X -rays in the chest and to define emphysema or other formations that provoked COPD. It was also important to carry out the lung function test andTo check to breathe and exhale the properties. The patient's forced volume (FEV1) was 65 years old, which meant that their COPD stage was moderate but was untreated, the results were able to deteriorate.
During communication, the patient was concerned about her status and the inability to avoid health complications. There was no self -help group in her life to discuss her life and share her thoughts.And the recommendation to attend support groups for lung patients was necessary. It was necessary to show her some relaxation techniques and breathing activities in order to stabilize her breath and to remove her shortness of breath and her fatigue.The change in their lifestyle, compliance with calm and activity and the use of professional support for budgetary initiatives (Hashem & Merritt, 2018) informed. Antibiotics were prescribed to minimize infection growth in the body.By G.B.Were not as serious as during the first visit, no infection that could influence her heart in the body, and she began to ask her further options with a support group. In the future it was mandatory to continue training via COPD and smoking cessation in order to continueTo predict lung and heart cycle problems.