Reading Emily Dickinson's poems is one of the most captivating and challenging tasks for many students. On the one hand, it raises a variety of interesting topics that meet human life and motivate them in their short poems.Lines in their "I died for beauty", but each sentence provides a message about the interests and literary contributions of the poet..
Death is the only thing that remains unavoidable in human life despite several intentions to avoid or shift it to different means.Space ”(lines 2, 4) adapted. The poet uses such a terrible but expected end when a person leaves this world to underline the equality of people from nature, and the fact that death of the most skillsMost people ended, to speak, wish or act (Dahami 256). There is no need to consider services, knowledge or prosperity, since the result, an empty grave, is the same for everyone.
Another important aspect of the poem is the identification of lifelong goals and possibilities. Laut Dickinson can die with two thoughts, either out of beauty or truth (lines 6-7). This both concepts are so different and similar and prove their constant struggleTo the spiritual victory (Sharma 103). The conversation between the supporters of truth and beauty is not a debate, but a contribution to Dickinson's maturity to understand the essence of life and the accuracy of death.Groups that may be a realistic and valued endeavor or for something incomprehensible but important such as truth. The poem shows that people can determine free goals in their lives and concentrate on their interests and wishes.
After all, Dickinson seems to be disturbing in her simple and unobtrusive dialogue with the conditions that lead to interpersonal relationships with conflicts. There is no need to have a real opponent in order to conflict.However, in her poem (Sharma 103). The human life needs conflicts to be complete and fair, and the author helps the reader to recognize the roots of questions and differences.It is scarce, and another spokesman admires the opportunity to die for the truth, but sees that he does not change faith. The same end and the same empty "cover up our names" without giving the opportunity to protect the identityAnd to immortalize (Dickinson line 12).
Dickinson succeeds in using several powerful techniques and terms to demonstrate how poetry should penetrate the human spirit.Out of hope, knowledge and result. This precise reading is an opportunity to see how Dickinson treated life and accepts death by the prism of personal goals and entire conflicts.And to learn and be ready for death, not because of something juged, but for something eternal.