A realistic way to commute is the use of private means of transport instead of public transport. The urban planning and development make public transport in the way in which transport occurs, complicated, which leads to a lack of meaning for functionality. How in the videoshown, there is a separation between public transport and goals (VOX, 2020). The underlying reason for the separation is the design with which the road network was built.Conversely.Car culture, but also made it difficult to commute between the suburbs when the public transport was to achieve the designed goal.
In addition, the reality of the use of the public transport service is the problem of private space.The social contact increases with the density, which leads to unpredictable and unwanted interactions. With a lack of appreciation for private commuters and the change between the suburbs, public transport makes it less convenient if they commute in the suburbs.Concerns associated with a lack of privacy (Evans & Wener, 2006).
There must be changes to how the government plans plans for this form of commuting for the use of public transport, and the reliable institutions have to ensure reliability when connecting the neighborhoods.To access to this. In this way, time intervals are of crucial importance in the way the buses reach.Financing of the government through projects associated with the improvement of public transport would make a significant contribution to how the means of transport will be redesigned.
The biggest challenge in public transport is how it is found that the lack of privacy has been determined. With the long routes that are covered on foot after the use of trains and buses, public transport leads to more stress than private vehicles.The pillars of public transport and the restructuring, as the system enables transport between the suburbers, is an important milestone that has to be met in order to facilitate the same level of convenience as private vehicles. The government must first change your view of public transportBy considering it from a public service rather than from a capitalist perspective. This would mean more investments in operations than the sector benefits the citizens.The removal is approximated to 45 minutes, and a major contribution to improving my ability to use public transport will make it to change it.This would mean that the priorities are changed in the means of transport used.