Scott Kiesling focuses on the concept of address in the article Dude (2004), whereby the use pattern of the term, meanings and functions is emphasized. The author is an American sociolinguist who has been prompted, the functions and effects of types in American culture through its immortalTo explore interests in gender and language. Dude shows a specific usage pattern that is influenced by its social functions and meanings and thus explains the high use and improved popularity.
Dude is mainly used by the younger generation of European American men when they speak to each other and partly by women.Have also used a significant amount ... ”(p. 287, p. 284).of types.
Dude has five interaction functions that overlap and illustrate how the term male homo-sociality is. This functions are gesture agreements, mark the adhesion and connection, mark the discourse structure, mitigate the attitude of confrontations and exclamation (Kiesling, 2004).Either being applied to more than one individual function or being ambiguous; therefore the functions are not completely exclusively. The word is an interactive resource that creates several points of view, as shown above.
The term dude rose in popularity in the 1980s because the young people used it as an exclamation to illustrate affection and joy. The type was used as a concept of the group to display the solidarity since it was founded, as described in history (Kiesling, 2004). The meanings in groups and solidarity adhere to the term and are the attitude that is emphasized in the use of the word.Family values ​​and hard work, which is supported by solidarity, highlights.
The dud's usage pattern is determined by its functions and the relevance of the discourses and influenced its interference with Anglo -American society.Männliche youthful European American descent use the term more than its female colleagues.. Dude codes a main manner that improves the increase and popularity of the term. The guy is a shadow of the 1980s and 1990s, which have always gathered over generations.