Various methods are used to compare the role of intervention with other professions. The techniques include the interesting-based methods based on the profession of mediation, the generalist intervention model used in the social work profession and the traditional controversial model in the law profession.Therefore, the paper will deeply detailed the change in roles based on this specialist, to skills, techniques and strategies if you switch from a career to intervention as a conflict between different parties as a whole.
Three professions are compared, including mediation, social work and law. To demonstrate these parallels, I use an interesting mediation model, a generalist model of social work and a traditional opposing law model.There are significant differences when the orientations, values ​​and techniques of the three models are comparable in accordance with (Barsky 2017). The conventional role of a lawyer is that of a lawyer who fights for the rights and interests of a partyMost social workers are used to fighting for certain customers or causes. lawyers or social experts who want to play the position of an intermediary must put their advocacy aside and become neutral mediators. Customers can use mediators to negotiate their name.
In addition, the mediators support the ability of a party to negotiate, they do not support a certain situation or the solution.Right of customers to make their own decisions in terms of values. They appreciate the individualism and self -esteem of all. Since courts impose solutions, some people believe that the law is against self -determination.Disputes are best resolved by party-to-party or lawyers (Barsky, 2017).
For example, if a conflict between two parties arises, for example the employer and the employee based on the medical method based on the mediation, as a mediator, the role would listen to the information fully shared by both parties. In contrast, I heard both parties as a mediatorto pages, which is why the neutrality maintains the professional code.).
Therefore, a change in the model to be used is the generalist's generalist model based on social work, in which the mutuality of the parties and which has a solution to the problem by both parties in the long term.Using traditional contradictory legal models in which each party would have to have representatives in order to represent them in court where there is no mutual understanding of what the court has to decide (Barsky, 2017).that he represents and how he acts and react more to the matter.