Numerous topics regarding the latest changes to the deposit program have become the subject of heated debates. The original claims implied that the new attitude would enable more humane and fair techniques. Howeverled that will be redesigned during the publication due to crime fees.and to create.
The reform of the deposit is part of a number of reforms of criminal judiciary that have entered into force in recent years. According to new rules, the judges must not impose a money deposit.a defendant could represent a community. According to Gold and Wright (2020), the pre -judicial detention has also endangered the employment and housing construction.The rich enabled to buy their freedom and return home.
At the moment, thousands of people who have not yet been convicted are imprisoned and are waiting for the process.Spend to earn money and properly prepare for a process. The vicious cycle created by such an attitude enabled numerous activists and politicians to propose a reform that should improve the situation and combat discrimination. Koepke and Robinson (2018) claim that theCurrent instruments for evaluating the pre -judicial risk do not really support the reformist goals in reducing detention. This means that the new approach enables criminals to escape the punishment despite positive effects and the normal pace of life in its communitiesdisturb.
It is difficult to find the corresponding decision on the question of the deposit, since there are only a few other means that can ensure that a defendant returns to court to be charged against him/she has become clear that theBACITION Reform should definitely be revised. According to Baughman (2019), which was done correctly, the deposit keeps dangerous people from the streets.American society do not afford the risks that go hand in hand with the full elimination of the deposit system. It is not the right time to publish almost every defendant, since more people are committed to the crime. Alternative programs are urgently needed.However, it is not the best option to carry out all surveillance instead of judges and to return most criminals on the street.
The security of the society should still be a top priority for courts and law enforcement agencies. It is important to judge and not to decide whether a person can be released or not. A significant progress would be the introduction of a uniform criteriaPrevious records of a person into account. In addition, it is important to distinguish between the first conviction and the relapse. I would like to remain optimistic about the future of the deposit reform.And contribute to free innocent defendants and change criminals without releasing the majority of the accused.