The contract is an agreement between two or more persons to determine, change or quit civil rights and obligations. A contract is the most common type of transaction. The content of the contract includes the rights and obligations of the parties that conclude the contract, and the conditions,below which the contract comes into force or loses. The concept of the contract is used in three meanings, the contract as:
1. Legal fact, the basis for the origin, change or termination of a legal relationship;
2. Agreement of the parties, the rights, obligations and the procedure for their implementation;
3. A document that contains a certain message and the content of the contract are its conditions, which are divided into essential, ordinary and random (Hutchison & Myburgh, 2020).
Ordinary conditions - conditions that are intended by law and automatically come into force, regardless of your information in the contract. Complement or change the usual conditions.The validity of the contract. All contracts can be divided into different types that distinguish from one another depending on some criteria (Hutchison & Myburgh, 2020) .unilateral - In one party, the contract is right; in the other - obligations; and bilateral - after conclusionEach party acquires both rights and obligations of the contract. There is a department for paid, which implies the real estate representation of a party due to the opposite of the other party (Stewart, Swain and Fairweather, 2019).Party (Hutchison & Myburgh, 2020) is important to emphasize that the donation contract, that is, a free gift, belongs to the second type. However, the promise is not a contract, since the basic conditions are not fulfilled, which means that the legalConclusion of the transaction is asserted.
Regardless of this, it is worth taking into account an option contract as a separate aspect in the implementation and conclusion of transactions. The fact that an option agreement differs from other demand moods, since the will of a person is a condition for both parties.the actions of the party that have the right to demand.Transaction and the needs of the parties (Berlee, Tai and Mak, 2019). The company must meet its part of the agreement.Immoving property by (Berlee, Tai and Mak, 2019). If the term is not defined, the court can come to the conclusion in the event of a dispute that the option agreement has not been concluded.
According to the US Federal Law Code, the organization of a fraudulent system or tricks is important to consider, 2019). This enables the conclusion that a poor belief in the conclusion of the contract is legally punished.