The United States is considered a convinced supporter and sponsor of democracy, including an ethnic minorities, including Chinese and American indigenous people, but had a lot of suffering from discrimination and had to fight for equal rights with white Americans.Leaving and contributing significantly to the fact that the government and society recognize the need for cooperation.
The main contribution of the Chinese Americans for the Second World War was their active attitude in the US Army. Laut Takaki (2020) destroyed their eager support the Japanese propaganda, which the Chinese Americans represented as a victim and china with the USAMany of them lived and the discrimination against the white Americans against them, they used the war as an opportunity to prove themselves as loyal patriots.
As far as the Navajo strain is concerned, they also had reasons to get hostile to the white Americans. However, they agreed to fight as allies to protect their country and their people.: Americans used Navajo's mother tongue as the basis for this (Takaki, 2020). There was a small language that was once prohibited and was considered inferior, a valuable winning instrument.
It surprises me how many Chinese and Navajo Americans suffered from discrimination, but they fought for their country together with white Americans when the outer enemy appeared.The cultural diversity of the USA transformed into a weapon. We should not forget this valuable experience and support smaller languages ​​and cultural traditions.
It is frustrating that immigrants or citizens with non-white descent had to prove their value before white Americans accepted them as equally.). So new immigrants often suffer from ethnic intolerance such as their predecessors, as their languages ​​and cultural values ​​are considered inferior or they do not receive the same professional and educational opportunities.
In summary, Chinese and Navajo -Americans contributed greatly to the protection of their country in the Second World War and demonstrated their loyalty. Discrimination and oppression they had experienced from white Americans offered help and demonstrated the power of cooperation.Language also showed the importance of cultural diversity. This historical events gave us valuable lessons that we should not forget.