Cardona-Hernandez, R., Schwandt, A., Alkandari, H., Bratke, H., Chobot, A., Coles, N., Corathers, S., Goksen, D., Goss, P..Nagl, K., O'riordan, S. M. P., & Jefferies, C. (2021) .glycemic result in connection with insulin pump and glucose sensor in children and adolescents with type -1 -diabetes., 44 (5), 1176-1184.netz.
The advantage of this investigation was that it was a large international retrospective cohort study, the data from the diabetes sweet registry.and used technology used to control their blood sugar (cardona-hernandez et al., 2021).However, the restriction of this study was the lack of time-in-area data (Cardona-Hernandez et al., 2021).Was checked with the comparison group, but the authors missed the randomization and blinds. Since this was an international study, the main barrier was the difference in GDP, which is a potential disruptive factor. The researchers dealt with this problem by implemented a linear regression analysis, to show the actual connection between the parameters. The results of this study could be implemented in order to reduce the high HBA1C values ​​and the DKA rates in children with T1DM by introducing portable technology.
McGill, D.E., Volkening, L.K., Butler, D. A., Wassman, R. M., Anderson, B. J., & Laffel, L.M. (2019). The responsiveness of text -Message to memory with blood sugar monitoring is with the HBA1c benefit for teenagers with type -1 -diabetes connected.
The strength of this study was that it showed a clear advantage of sending messages to T1DM youth patients to promote glycemic control.were followed in the clinical environment (McGill et al., 2019). Zwei Main restrictions in this research were displayed by the authors. First of all, some patients were not tracked during the entire length of the study (McGill et al., 2019).Not the average number of answers (McGill et al., 2019). This study meant that this study could not provide the optimal frequency of sending memories. A further restriction was that no control group was accepted and the researchers did not mention this problem.The potential barrier was that teenagers may not have the remaining amount to report their glucose values, but the authors addressed this problem by receiving a monthly fee of $ 5 for unlimited messaging (McGill et al., 2019)If these payments were made to all participants throughout the length of the study. In total, the determination of this study can be implemented in order to maintain normoglycemia in diabetic adolescents.
Tusschmann, M. & HOFURKA, R. (2018). Technology in Management of Type -1 -Diabetes Mellitus -Current status and future prospects.
The most important strength of this paper is that it offers a comprehensive check of the devices to control and monitor blood sugar levels in diabetic patients. In this case it is not applicable in this manuscript the concepts of the sample size and the comparison groups.The highlights of the article are helpful in clinical and not -based environments, since studies are presented in which the effectiveness of insulin pumps, pumps and glucose monitors was tested by various manufacturers (Tusschmann & Hofarka, 2018).that it was only written by two authors who subjected it to potential distortion. The article did not mention any conflicts of interest, which was crucial here, since certain companies that produce devices for diabetics were mentioned.There were obstacles; the authors did not address them. This comprehensive review of the current and prospective technology that can improve the quality of life of patients with T1DM can be used as guidelines for clinicians and researchers.