Lifestyle stragedies can lead to different types of decisions. In addition, these tragedies can perceive these tragedies as warnings, while others consider them second chances. The difference between these two individuals is how they arise from a tragedy.Try to display this term in different literary works and to document how different characters deal with tragedies. Termeds in "Hamlet" and "A good man is difficult to find" guidelines that rely on the change as a coping mechanism.
"Hamlet" tells the story of a person who deals with a loss that leads him to a roundabout of emotions. For example, he becomes lazy because he loses his father. One tragedy is sufficient to lead an individual to misery, while trying to make a life without making your loved ones.
"O that this would also melt too sluggish meat,
Thaw and dissolve into a rope,
Or that the Everlasting had not fixed
His Canon-winning self-strike! O God, God,
How tired, stale, flat and unprofitable
Seems to me all the uses of this world!“(Shakespeare, 1599).
This passage shows Hamlet's desperation status, which is due to his previous loss. In his continued mechanism of grief, after the death, after the death, which he wants to admit that he is sufficient to say goodbye to him (Shakespeare, 1599).that he is aware of what he looks like, but would not prevent him from mourning, according to his grief is much deeper than what people could think about him. This shows how different people react to a tragedy andDo not think about what others could think. It also shows that a tragedy could be very personal for some people than others. For example, Hamlet's mother married and showed that death was not so effective for her to stop lifeTo enjoy life.
"A good man is difficult to find" also presents the story of a person who tries to cope with a tragedy. However, this tragedy differs from Hamlets, since the character is confronted with the tragedy of existence."The gods show us how an entire world of agony is necessary so that the individual produces the redeeming vision" (O'Connor, 1953).A tragedy, cuffed, people have no other way to deal with their tragedies, but rather rely on a divine being. Then it is correct to notice that this narrative has a spiritual meaning for life and problemsare part of life and you never know when to beat. The author offers a way to cope with a tragedy by creating Christian ideals.Make the characters in the story make different challenges that cannot simply configure a simple way of thinking, but cause the true meaning of the narrative.
Tragedies make hard blows in people's lives and lead them through various interrogations. A lot of tragedies are too difficult to deal with them that people often give up completely.Man is difficult to find "Present two different types of people based on their coping mechanisms. While Hamlet does not emerge from the tragedy, O'Connor's narrative characters rely on God to get the spiritual leadership. This shows that different individualsDifferent options have to deal with a tragedy based on how you perceive the tragedy yourself.