The USA and prison system of the United States is a hot topic for discussion in modern times. As one of the most common topics for political manipulations and populist claims, the criminal justice system has become strong ineffective. The USA has shocked 76.6% of Harvard's political reviewthe prisoner who returned to prison within five years (Benecchi, 2021). This essay aims to show the alternative type of dealing with the correction system proposed by Brandon Matthews., to break the wrong connection between these two processes.
The true nature of the modern American prison system is that it takes its roots in the tradition of punishment. From the old code from Hammurabi to the hard because of the death penalty in the 19th century, there was a development of practice that the reaction to violationsshould be (tedx talks, 2017).) to change the existing state.).
However, such prison philosophy can cause criticism and opposition to the relatively high proportion of people, especially those who work in the prison system. Brandon Matthews told the story when he spoke to a prison system about rehabilitation practice. It is obvious that the combination of punishment isand rehabilitation in one place does not work properly. The work with the occupants of serious misconduct requires a characteristic type of morality, while practice in rehabilitation centers requires less strict relationships. In reality, prisoners are real patients whose crime should be healed before they are healed in the communitiesenter.
In my opinion, the model described by Brandon Matthews is really legitimate and effective. There is no reason to punish inmates that have committed non -violent crimes with the strict and demoralizing atmosphere of the prisons. The main concern is how this reform is through the legislator.Obviously, this reform of the criticism of conservative politicians who have biased on any perpetrators is also widespread, the negative attitude towards prisoners among the Americans is widespread. For example, who killed 77 people, has a strongly criticized, he has relatively comfortable living conditions in a Norwegian prison, the quality of which is better than someone in the USA. So the perceptions of some people have to change over the prisoners and publicly insist on the high value of the rehabilitation process.
In summary, experts should take on an obvious problem of the ineffectiveness of the modern American prison system. The high relapse rate is bothered by all Americans to have new and new ideas about the radical reforms -Mede.Both paths of the operating system of the prison system should be independent. The distinction between rehabilitation has the ability to change the morals of the prisoners and to prepare them for everyday life after dismissal.