There are always several obstacles that can significantly reduce the overall efficiency of each project plan. This is crucial to analyze all factors that may remain behind potential obstacles for the successful implementation of the complexity of the project plan and the holistic approach, which in all phasesIt is expected to be enforced, there are numerous balls that can be exposed to certain risks.. A special analysis is required to find the most suitable solutions for problems that can occur.
One of the essential problems that should be addressed in the implementation of the plan focuses on perception of efficiency and urgent changes in the employees who implied the project plan.to provide the advantages for a hospital in general. It is crucial to underpin the strong correlation between the performance of a hospital and the salaries of a hospital.
In view of the importance of the measures listed in the project plan, the only problem that the employees could make anxious is their payment. Factors such as a lack of cooperation between the medical team, lack of motivation among nurses, the lack of a holistic approach and the lack of support organizations could obstacles to thebe a holistic supply (Babaei & Taleghani, 2019). This should be comforted with the available data on the ultimately positive results of the changes.
The next barrier, which can significantly undermine the way the desired changes are implemented, depends on deadlines.It is important to be important to provide additional guidelines that explain all the details of the combination of old and new methods. Sipes (2020) claim that nursing training has no computer science skills; therefore, current managers, administrators or NES may not be completePrepared to guide or use changes in the use of health information technology. This should also be able to encourage employees to actively participate in the implementation of various phases of the plan and to teach them fundamental IT skills, also be considered decisive for possible success.
Various new strategies and approaches should be used when implementing the project plan. White et al. (2021) call careful planning, execution, evaluation and broad distribution between the measures that are important for a successful result.Collecting data and evidence therefore still play a crucial role in reducing potential obstacles.
There are several obstacles that can undermine the quick and efficient implementation of the project plan. However, solutions that are provided in this work enable an improved understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the plan and can finally contribute to future changes.to adhere to the original plan, which contains provisions on the necessary measures if certain difficulties occur.cannot be observed.