In the present day, cryptocurrency is increasingly attracting people around the world. Regardless of the fact that the cryptocurrency of a considerable number of financial institutions and companies for its potential to influence the financial market will not be widespread in the future.are defined as a virtual digital currency that is secured by cryptography -which is why it cannot be duplicate or fake. There are several cryptocurrencies, and most of them are decentralized networks based on blockchain technologies that are from computer networksCryptocurrency cannot be influenced by the manipulation or interference of the government, since it is not issued by this or a central authority.
The importance of this study is determined by an unknown and controversial effect of the cryptocurrency. During often it is considered a more convenient and stable alternative to traditional money, some experts state that the instability of cryptocurrency will have devastating effects on many industries in the future (Nova, 2021). On this reason, the investigation and evaluation of your potential influence for the development of precise strategies and preventive measures will be an advantage.Investigate the research question: Is the cryptocurrency unstable? The answer will help to approve or reject a hypothesis that lies in the thesis of the paper-a long-lasting uncontrolled bladder, cryptocurrency contributes to financial and monetary instability,A lack of investor protection, the fall of the global market and the asset levy.
According to previous studies, a digital currency can be seen as a highly convenient alternative to traditional money that is protected from regulating the government. It cannot be double or fake, and its use is often defined as the future of the financial market.However, data on cryptocurrency shows its instability, which may have very negative consequences for various industries. According to modern studies, cryptocurrency is a long -lasting bladder that is artificially created.Financial market leads and lead to differences in wealth.