The obstacles with which companies are confronted on the way to internal logistical integration can group in five categories according to origin and nature. The first results from an inadequate coherent structure of a company that leads to poor communication between its departments(2019) this is the result of the "traditional practice" of the association of employees who are responsible for certain activities in cluster in order to enable excellent performance, although functional perfection (p. 332). In practice, such an approach can meanwhilelead to inadequate corporate culture, in other words, lack of unity, morality and commitment, often also of top management (Nasem et al., 2021). My professional experience illustrates this; I have worked for a company in which the boss littleUntil there was no interest in organizational routine at all, and some of my employees from different departments considered their function as the most important and insulted each other.
The traditional systems of management and reward that actually result from the function structure mentioned above can also be an obstacle to internal integration. In particular, they reflect this structure and focus more on the success of the employees in the area of ​​their activityParticipation in the corporate culture and its contribution to the performance of the entire company (BowerSox, 2019, p. 332).As well as graduates, including myself, intentionally acquire knowledge of other reward systems, and in most cases it remains theoretically.
In view of the information mentioned above, the information flows in companies of traditional structure are usually also missing.Not only in the poor integration of departments, but also with inadequate communication with customers and inappropriate service quality. So have Nasem et al. (2021) obtain this category coordination barrier., also serve as an example in the specified case. The lack of unity led to that of consciousness and commitment; as a result, only a few employees were able to offer high quality services.
It is worth noting that such a clogged distribution of data affects the exchange of knowledge, which in turn can complicate the integration of new units into the company. Throughout such companies have poor expansion and a partnership.. In addition, even the need to hire a new employee can bear a threat to productivity, since it is hardly possible to compensate for its lack of relevant knowledge (BowerSox, 2019).I left companies in particular.
After all, another possible barrier is an inappropriate infrastructure, which includes the concept of the roof, above all, transport, storage and inventory.If necessary, a company can face significant financial challenges that arise from the need to save and maintain additional equipment. While the situation can worsen the situation.Objects and I am no exception, but in business such a practice is particularly unfavorable because it can affect process integration.