In my African-American community, the roles of the nursing staff are usually assumed by women-women or daughters of daughters.However, the burden of care generally does not fall on a single person. Rather, many family members can coordinate with each other in order to support the sick relative.
Overall, different identity features determine who takes care of nursing role. The gender is an important factor, since research shows that women, although men can be involved in care, act much more often as caregivers (Bertogg & Strauss, 2020).in employment, which is why they often use financial support, while women help with daily life activities (Bertogg & Strauss, 2020).Both spouses have certain health problems, the care burden falls on those that are functionally less limited (Bertogg & Strauss, 2020). The age can also influence the nursing role, since younger people are more caring for their older relatives.
In the African-American community, two important factors can relieve the burden of the caregiver. The first factor is the high value of family and cultural expectations about the roles of women as a caregiver for the family. Beyquarters of the culturally embedded female duties and more emphasis on family needs andNot the individual, african Americans are less burdened by care (Mclennon et al., 2020). Another relief factor is religiosity that is used as a source of comfort and strength (Mclennon et al., 2020).to deal with the burden on the caregiver.
Culturally appropriate interventions for this cultural group should concentrate with the African -American values. A certain intervention is psychoeducation, which should be tailored to further information about the family as a nursing care tour (Brewster et al., 2020). Culturally sensitive interventions are important becauseThey enable therapeutic alliances with customers and treat the systemic suppression of their cultural groups (National Association of Social Workers, 2010).And defend cultural values ​​at team meetings.