Supply chains can be very susceptible to hacking and malware attacks and, depending on the motivation of the attacker, are susceptible to measures that aim to steal large amounts of money and disrupt business.to slow down the growth of cyber threats and invent new ways to steal information from individuals and organizations of all sizes.can occur through external and internal intruders, employees, hackers, malicious competitors and managers can escape sensitive data and personal information outside the company.The aim of the penetration is to generate the system by deleting, replicating and preventing data. Malware attacks can occur with the help of ransomware that blocks the computer until the company pays a certain amount of money.
One of the cyberattack tools is to send a phishing -e email to get information.Phishing -E email is successful, the company can use the user name and password externally to collect information about the system. It can lead to unforeseen competition and serious leaks that could harm the entire company.
The sophistication of attacks and the complexity of modern IT that use technologies such as virtualization, mobile and cloud computing force companies to improve their information and to turn the deep technologies of defense., Cyber ​​risks successfully to meet, a serious cyber and IT risk management strategy that takes into account various corporate functions.In the case of the above-mentioned cyber risks.
A cyber attack on the supply chain of a company is not only a short-term problem, but also has medium and long-term consequences. Firstly, cyber attacks lead to the loss of external information.Cyber ​​attacks also lead to the loss of insider information. It is a serious problem for the company because its security information is severely affected.are decisive importance.
Thirdly, cyber attacks lead to the deterioration of the call of the company.There are no comprehensive National Data Protection Act to the United States, there are several sector-specific data protection and security laws at the federal level, and there are many other state and local data protection laws. The responsible authorities that violate these requirements monitor.Can be recognized that the company has violated the law, which is why it can be exposed to several million dollars.