Pathophysiology and etiology
Mukoviscidosis (CF) is a genetic disorder that causes various digestive and breathing problems. In addition, due to a metamorphosis in the CF -gene of the transmembrane guideline (CFTR) gene appearance. The CFTR protein produces the movement of sodium- and chloride ions over the epithelial cell membranes (Bowden & Greenberg, 2014). The mutations in a single or two replicas of the genetic factor make ion mediation unreliable and form a structure of the dense mucus in the entire body.Other systemic anomalies and obstructions (Brown et al., 2017). So people with CF have a thick and sticky mucus that clocks their respiratory tract and causes lung damage, germs, increased the prevalence of infections and the entry of vital proteins in theDarm prevented.
See clinical manifestations
1. Reduced appetite
2. Fatigue
3 .. increased cough
4. Reduced spirometry values
5. Bad reaction to outpatient treatment measures
6. Hemoptysis (Bowden & Greenberg, 2014).
7. Recurring gasps
8. Infertility
9. Gall cirrhosis
10. Abdominal output (Brown et al., 2017).
Interdisciplinary approach to CF treatment
The care of CF patients requires the coordination of various treatment measures and the integration of psychosocial advice and treatment into medical treatment. Bowden and Greenberg (2014) describe CF as a complex disease that requires special care and treatment.Directors of CF centers remain, the institutions need other specialists such as endocrinologists, specialists for infectious diseases, gastroenterologists and geneticists (Bowden & Greenberg, 2014).for children's life and physiotherapists. The integration of interdisciplinary interventions is a safe way to effectively treat CF.
Nursing responsibility for treatment with cystic fibrosis
Nurses mainly take on an important role in how important the importance of an adequate absorption of nutrition and liquid maintains, maintain an appropriate care for oxygen, measures to remove pulmonary secretions, to prevent complications and to ensure good nutrition.the monitoring of significant changes in breathing status and heart rate. According to information from Bowden and Greenberg (2014), nurses offer the therapies of follow-up services, emotional care and reaction coordination. This services intend to do the CF patients in the effective treatment of the diseasesupport.
Reply to the first post
The pupil does an incredible job to answer all relevant questions. I agree with the points of the post in relation to CF -Ecetiology, physiology, clinical manifestations and the need for interdisciplinary care. However, the student should improve his presentation strategy, but should improve his presentation strategyTo avoid giving unclear and unsatisfactory answers. Overall, the article makes it easier for every reader to understand the basic knowledge of CF and the most preferred treatment methods.
Reply to the second post
The author does an incredible job in expressing his ideas in the essay. The author has addressed the questions systemically and specifically and made it easier for the reader to read and understand basic concepts about CF.The illness and the role of the practitioner in the treatment of the disease. The way in which the author explained the basics of CF and its use in different ways, is commendable.Nature of CF and the effects on children.