The original concept of a decision support system (DSS) defined it as a computer -aided supplement supplement for decision -makers. It serves to collect and analyze large amounts of data in order to expand the functions, but not to replace the course of the initial decision.for user requirements and output data in graphic form to predict the future income of a company. Business Intelligence (BI) is a generalized term that describes a combination of analysis tools, methods and applications.BI, however, the most commonly used system remains.
The main difference between these two definitions is that DSS is a computer -aided system to obtain information that helps to make decisions in an organization or a business world. Bi also acts as a tool that uses various programs that are used for organizing and managecontribute to data or valuable information in an organization. During the user, the user helps to recognize errors that are available in the program and analyze information for decision making, BI helps with automatic analysis and therefore provides suggestions that only have the implementation phase.Another difference is that DSS needs more time to start implementation, since the processes mainly contain manual processing. BI needs less time to fill all functions because the computer thinks for itself and therefore does not require manual control.
Analyzes can be seen as a process of developing practical solutions or recommendations for measures based on information that is obtained from historical data.are available under certain labels. (Sharda 2019).Almost all managers begin to understand how important the analytical component is for the development of their subject area and turns to technological systems in order to simplify these processes.
In the area of ​​the healthcare system, analytics covers a wide range of applications, from diagnostics to effective fraud prevention. One of the examples is an analytical approach for the falls of the senior citizens' population.Problem for the group that the population is over 65.Sharda 2019). The time is one of the leading factors for fatal and non -fatal injuries in humans over 65.to identify a group of people who tend to injuries from falls, since these statistics cannot be as objective as cancer or diabetes mellitus. However, analytical studies have contributed to raising awareness of the problem and taking concrete stepsto reduce the falls (e.g.B. increased use of physiotherapy services).