World history is an endless treasure of valuable lessons for modern mankind.Meinde of all ages have access to various educational materials around the clock to explore all types of historical events, phenomena and personalities. A video “BBC Ancient Greece is such a material:The biggest show in the world - Democrats - 1/3 ”(Maximus, 2013). The moderator of this video speaks about the importance of theater culture for people in the old Athens.to understand ourselves. This expression has a profound meaning and indicates the tone for the rest of the story. The moderator implies that the story is cyclical and that many of our problems are like that of people who lived in many hundred years agoIn the deed, the story like fashion has a way to repeat yourself, which is why you look at the life of ancient Greeks; many modern people will be able to find their reflection in them.
The overall meaning of the film is that the importance of the theater at the time and now is strikingly different. Theater productions of people are seen as entertainment and relaxation.To the center of his democracy - it was participated in the political life of the city by performances on the stage (Maximus, 2013). For the Athenians, the theater was not just a mirror of her present; it was a stage on which this gift could be held. The history of Athens is a survival story in a complex and changing world. The video tells the dramatic history from the creation of the theater and shows how the Athenian tragedy and comedy not only reflected the fineness of this survival, but also decisive reasons for itwere.
Based on the story mentioned above, the history of this week teaches us that old events can be much closer than they appear. How the people in Athens we also follow the news of the production-political debates Press conferences. Our democratic will manifests itself as beforeFor many years in observation, the story does its cyclical and repeating nature in this way and forces us to think about our place in the wider socio-political arena.