The departure of social norms could lead to an extent of progress. Social practices can dictate what to do and how to react to certain situations. An institution stipulates that rules are followed and in question that suchNorms are described as disobedient.However, a positive effect on the entire American society. Adam did not have to obey either in order to free the man from the pre -human condition.
The resistance to the prevailing force may seem disobedient, but can lead to greater human development. For the African Americans who oppose the negative norms of sadness, more joy with the black community, but more than individuals take positiveTo achieve results. The artistic and media communities have to spread black joy to change black practice, celebrate sadness and pain.The share of the black joy "create rooms of opportunities, opportunities and confirmation" (4). This quote confirms that against negative social norms can be obtained to positive results..
Doubulous acts, although they may seem wrong at first, if they are put in freedom, they are properly accepted. As Adam and Eva Gott in the Garden of Eden, they did not obey, they seemed to have been spoiled by sin (pious 1). The sinOr rather a disobedient law converted Adam from the pre-human to people, and this is progress. The text mentions that the messianic prophets were on earth, they confirmed that the act of disobedience was correct that people understood the concepthave.
People have developed and developed through disreputable collection. The questioning of the authority or through defined social norms can thrive. Fromm says that obedience to rules or practices of a community or institution shows the submission and shows the denial of autonomy (2)Follow -ups are stuck in one place while they submit to the defined norms. In the moment when a man questions the rules, he is called disobedience, but then finds progress. The decision to submit or not obey, is a decision to stagnate or develop.
Following the rules and social norms that have been determined by the community is like the consent for the dictation of the Superegos.Laut Fromm "Super Ego represents the internalized commands and bans of the father, which was accepted by the son" (3).Limit him fear, she would not have written the excerpt. It would not have written to demand the Black Society, to publicly share the joy and break the social norm of the sad black community.
The non -observance of social practices is a psychological process that has to contain the willingness to sin or a mistake. To go to such norms is described as immoral and rebellious, so that you have to harden.Learning to say no to power. If a man is freed from power and is mentally free, he can develop positively.