The intestinal disease is an accumulation of disorders that include Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, which cause pain and swelling in the intestine and influence the digestive system. The first step in the treatment of intestinal diseases is that a doctor takes a careful medical history and physical examination.Numerous diagnostic tests are carried out on the patient, such as blood tests, stool samples, endoscopy, colonoscopy and imaging studies. During the blood tests, the providers test the blood of patients and evaluate how well treatment works (Fiorino et al., 2019).Measurement of hematocrit, C reaction protein, thrombocytes and leukocytes. A stool test is checked for infections or inflammation, while CT and MRI scans show internal images of the digestive system. Health service providers also carry out an upper endoscopy in which the stomach management, the stomachAnd the ileum and biopsies are collected for examination. Colonoscopy helps to reveal infections in the rectum, and it takes place with a thin, flexible tube, which is ultimately equipped with a light and camera lens to enable the interior arm to be examined.
The intestinal disease is a lifelong disease; therefore the main goal for his management is always to find ways to keep it in remission as long as possible so that the patient only experiences a few or no symptoms. There are different treatment and maintenance approaches forBeard diseases such as dietary changes and medication such as biologicals, immune modulators and aminosalicylates (Fiorino et al., 2019).for patients to support the relief of symptoms.
Aminosalicylates are aspirin-like maintenance medication such as Balsalazide, Sulfasalazine and Mesalamin that alleviate the inflammation on the intestinal wall.and most frequently used methotrexate, azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine. Biologics block inflammatory chemicals in the blood and reduce the number of cells of the immune system in the patient body. This drug is applied if a patient does not react to other drugs or learns of side effects from such treatmentsMost cases are administered by biological medication through infusions or injections and include Enthlyvio, Sterlara, Simponi, Humira and Remicade.