The United States have a controversial story of eating habits that are not intended as the healthiest. A separate topic in this matter is fast food and its popularity in all age groups of the population. This amount of cholesterol and sugar has negative consequences for the body andmust be significantly checked together with the number of vegetables and grains that are consumed on average.
Hot dogs and donuts have become a norm to keep people rush. A survey on eating habits in the United States from 2004 showed that around 75% of meals came from fast food cafés (Hellas and Calder).Half of the ordered objects were hamburgers, and about a third contained lemonades. The Americans continue to consume about 20% of their daily calories in the form of difficult to digest sugar such as lemonades (Hellas and Calder).To many serious problems such as obesity.
Healthy eating habits are incomprehensible without the adequate intake of vegetables. However, consumption of vegetables is low: only 13% consume the recommended amounts. Potatoes and tomatoes only make up 39% of the vegetables consumed by Americans.Even fewer vegetables (Hellas and Calder) aged 14 to 18 years and girls between the ages of 14 and 18.
The same questions arise when analyzing the consuming grain products. Full grain products should produce more than half of the entire grain consumption, but 85.3% of the grain come from refined products (Hellas and Calder).that are a source for nutritional fibers and vitamins. Many people buy bread from processed cereals who consider it inaccurately as biological (Hellas and Calder). However, this is a deception due to the lack of recognition.
Modern trends are introducing new eating habits that are widespread as the latest trend in healthy eating.However, types of almond milk contain food additives that can be harmful to the body: grasshoppers -bean bean rubber (E410) and Gelllangummi (E418). This additives are considered safe, but an extensive amount of side effects such as diabetes, diarrhea, allergy, quick weight gain, migraineetc. evoking (aguilar et al.). Such things should be made publicly aware so that people can consciously manage their diet without damage to the body.
Another conspicuous example is the rather popular gluten -free diet. The gluten consumption is harmful to people with only individual intolerance. For the rest, it is more of a trend in conscious food., to avoid this urgently needed source of protein and fiber. In addition, manufacturers of many products add double doses of carbohydrates and sugar to add even more damage to the body (Niland and cash).are justified and supported by relevant scientific evidence.
On the other hand, food is increasingly becoming a question of choice. A variety of goods and services is freely available. There are business with organic food and minor trenes in which specialists help with the regulation of habits. There are still many concerns that require detailed studies, but a person who focuses on a healthy lifestyle can help in this direction.
The reasons mentioned serve as a warning against the violation of the serious eating habits. It is important to take this topic thoughtfully and to educate people.Also necessary to monitor the financial availability of good quality products through market analysis and extensive surveys.