The differential association was developed in 1939 by experienced sociologist Edwin Sutherland. The study explains how prohibitions manners can lead to criminology in social institutions..Laut Lokanan (2018) can minimize people by understanding fraud by understanding the theory to maneuver positive results in organizations such as schools.
During my high school time, my classmates and other older students abused drugs that caused a serious threat to their health. The use of alcohol and cocaine was viewed by most cliques as crucial practice, since they are on the next city by the drug dealers in the next cityDrugs were able to access the drug dealers frequently to sell drugs to the addicted students in the school environment. During my school experience, addictive students hurried into the bathroom to smoke, inject cocaine and repeatedly consume alcohol.on because the parents of the learners were able to offer finances to the students.Therefore, they could access the drugs.
Drug abuse can lead to negative consequences such as a low level of education, well-being problems such as brain disorders and crime.Drugs like cocaine have enormous influences on the life of the individual and, and if they are overdosed, death can occur. In comparison to others, death can be more genetically sensitive to the development of cocaine dependency.
Cliques in the high school that consumed drugs committed, committed crimes and ensured a prison sentence in various correctional facilities.Education for the youth is one of the proposed techniques to minimize the use and misuse of drugs in schools (Montgomery et al., 2022). Educational interventions in schools can promote cognitive behavioral skills and reduce exposure to social forces that reduce the abuse ofIncrease drugs. The study shows that several young people have no crime patterns in their adult life.
The theory shows that forty percent of people under the age of 21 perform crimes in society. In this way, another characteristic such as growing up in a bad environment due to poverty or lack of necessities leads to criminal behavior.And freedom can control the intention that people are crime (Brookes, 2021). Parents should ensure that their children have the basic needs by involving them in school -based education and not in the curriculum, such as games to avoid misconduct.
The approach explains how people should understand the purpose of falling fraud in the social areas. The use of the material is a crucial source to contain the behavior and improve the performance of the student by offering health education.Play effectively by taking measures, e.g.For example, the punishment of the learners who harass or criminal offenses during their high school life.To educate the consequences of violation and drug abuse to minimize behavior in society. Education can support young people in order to gain motivation by capturing adequate skills in school life and making reasonable decisions.