Cheminersky, Erwin and Michele Goodwin. "Constitutional GERRYMANDER against abortion rights: NIFLA V. Becerra." New York University Law Review, Vol.94, No.1, 2019, pp. 1-124.
In this article, which was published by two legal professors, the abortion rights in relation to the information of women are discussed on contraception and abortion.Using very broad interpretations of the constitution is violated.Increase, but the clear distortion of the author in favor of the abortion rights can be seen as a weakness.
Erdman, Joann. "Theoretization of the time in the abortion law and human rights." Health and Human Rights Journal, Vol.19, no.1, 2017, pp. 29-40.
In this article of a specialist in health law and policy, the topic of abortion is discussed from health and justice perspectives.To impose a rigid standard.However, his weakness is that he does not advise specific options for combating the rights and health of the pregnant women. It is best used to obtain information about how abortion laws consider health risks.
Jones, Rachel K. and Jenna Jerman. "Abortion rates of the population group and lifetime incidence of abortion: USA, 2008–2014." The American Journal of Public Health, Vol.107, No.12, 2017, pp. 1904-1909.
This article by two researchers from the Guttmacher Institute, a leading organization for the interest representation of abortions, covers the abortion rates in the United States. The method of the authors consisted of several databases, and their conclusion is that it is an obvious but not uniform declineThe abortion rates gives. The abundance of statistical information is the main strength of the source and also the best way to use it in paper. The main weakness of the main weakness is rhetorical, since the accompanying of the authors indicates a distortion in favor of the abortion.
Rebouche, Rachel. "Rights of abortion as human rights." Social & Legal Studies, Vol.25, No.6, 2016, pp. 765-782.
In this article of a lawyer at Temple University it is argued that a human rights perspective can minimize the legal challenges in the implementation of abortion rights.Best used to illustrate the argument for abortion rights based on the right to the health of the shelves, which is its main strength.
Thomson, Judith J. "A defense of abortion". University of Colorado, Web.
This article, which was written by a prominent feminist thinker for everyone who is interested in the topic, exposes philosophical arguments against abortion. The article proves that arguments against abortion, which onare based on the right of life of the fetus. It is best used to illustrate logical mainstream arguments for and against abortion, and its only weakness is relatively old, but its logic is not really older.