Now humanity lives in an age of faster information and technological progress. Many technologies are imported into the daily life of every person. Information technologies, especially the Internet, penetrate the surroundings of every person and are almost invisible. One of the relatively new concepts is the InternetThings (IoT) .Iot defines as a network of physical objects with integrated technologies that enable to interact with the external environment, to transfer information about your condition and to receive data from outside.
The Internet of Things implies that devices are connected to a chain and collect and analyze information. It includes the processing and transmission of data via software, applications or technical devices to other objects.to be required between humans and computers. People can adapt such devices or grant access to data.Iot systems work in real time and usually consist of some "intelligent" devices and cloud platforms. Devices are via WLAN, Bluetooth or other means of communication withCloud connected.
IoT may not be visible, but is essential in everyday life and integrated into many areas of human activities. The use of IoT is not limited by anything: the technology is used in smart homes and cars, in healthcare, agriculture and in the agricultural sector.Climate systems, video surveillance, pacemakers, animal biochips or surveillance systems in the fields Examples of a "thing". Io aims to optimize, increase efficiency, to collect the necessary data in real time for the following analysis in order to achieve specific improvements.These technologies facilitate life, automate and accelerate processes and reduce the need for human interaction.
However, IoT has some security and data protection challenges and intelligent devices are often susceptible.can often make payments and therefore contain payment data of people. All this information is confidential and must be protected. However, IIOT devices are often hacked and private information is at risk of being stolen.