Diversity is a topic that has been observed in several institutions in the world. People from different areas of life are united through religion, education, entertainment and living together.Not harmonizing and coexisting their differences, the chaos becomes the character of the existence. Education is one of the important aspects that bring people with different backgrounds together. Any researchers have identified the diversity to influence the performance of the students in their studies. The diversityThe student is due to ethnic, racist, gender -specific and age distribution. In this article, an attempt is made to explore the effects of the factors mentioned above on the performance in my school.
Age and gender cause a difference in the performance in my school. The composition of women and men at school is 15,000 and 13500.Thies means that the number of women approved in my school is somewhat higher than that of menthat are accepted every year. My research has completed 9% of women with distinction, while 15% of men were completed with distinction. This finding a performance difference between men and women that can cause other factorsDifferent learning institutions show that men cut off better on average than women, although there is a minor difference in performance (Bush et al., 2017). The most students in my college are 17 to 24 years old.The performance, however, also showed that some students who enter college at an advanced age will probably take more seriously than younger academic work.
In addition, the racist and ethnic diversity can also influence the performance of the students in my school. The racist composition of students in school is; 70% white, 25% African Americans and 5% others.Races influenced because there is no statistical evidence of a certain breed that cuts better than others, but most African Americans are characterized compared to the other races. A further study shows that only a few African Americans from High School to collegeCompletion, but the few receive a good performance (Roksa et al., 2016). The ethnic groups were well distributed and had no significant difference in academic performance.
During the investigation, I found that the students over 25 years were 10%. I expected that almost all students between the ages of 17 and 24 in the age group.This was obvious because almost everyone in their studies at least graduated with loans. If other studies are expected that older students are lower than the younger ones due to their reduction in obligations (Chen, 2017). However, this is notThe fall.
In summary, variety in every environment is a standard and has little to do with the performance of the students. What is the difference in their performance is more than the mere fact that they are old, African -American or female.To cause differences. This other factors can be problems such as the environment, motivation and finance.