Dreaming is an exciting and still inexplicable human experience that occurs completely in the brain while sleeping. I took this course, I was skeptical about the value of dreams.The continuous activity of the heads of the people explained that the daily routine processed during the night, but after I had examined various sources about our visions in my sleep, I understood the reasons for less scientific explanations. This class enabled me to be more attentive to dreams, to understand my emotional problems and helped me to get to know the causes of the students' nightmares.
The new information that interested me was the dreaming experiences of Jordanian students who were similar to their colleagues from western countries. It was unusual to learn from this chapter by Nasser & Bulley (2009) that negative dreams were recalled and reported more often.Most of the nightmares had a connection to their daily concerns. The dream of elements of the supernatural world like Jinn was the reflection of the cultural and religious beliefs of these people (Nasser & Bulkeley, 2009).And the thoughts of the people in their dreams would still be fascinating to read how their brain was able to reconstruct these ideas into realistic pictures. I always dreamed of book and film figures, but only recently I admitted tothat my mind could create imaginary scenarios in which I am involved in these fictional stories.Brain could create visions to prepare us for similar challenges in the future.
The prophetic dreams of some people remain a mystery, and I am less skeptical about these cases after I have read Icelandic stories. In particular, the article from Heijnen (2005) has changed my point of view to dream.I refer to these Icelanders, which were mentioned in the newspaper of Heijnen (2005), who "qualify dreams as personal fantasies that are not worth thinking about it" (p. 194).I have become superstitious about nightmares, I started more carefully in psychology behind episodes that my friends or I can see in their sleep.
The authenticity of the stories presented in the article does not give any certainty, but there are many examples of similar dream experiences today. As I later discovered, the stories of people who speak to the dead or prevent some catastrophic events are not just forIceland's old culture. Many of my relatives told me about their conversations with their deceased partners or parents. However, I cannot accept the idea of ​​the Icelanders that dreams are delivered from the outside world than generated in our brain (Heijnen, 2005).To me to recognize this manuscript that science still cannot explain many events and behaviors. So I should remain open to different theories about human psychological potential.
In summary, this course of dreams helped to learn different opinions about this brain activity. I saw dreams of processing information and experiences of our daily life.Mainly dreamed in the negative sense, which could be explained by cultural restrictions and anticipation for a bad result.This elements are not universal worldwide, and it is therefore difficult to apply psychoanalytic principles to explain such visions. In total, I think that this part of human life requires more research that involves experts in both scientific and non -scientific areasshould.