In order to understand the structure and functions of society, it is important to examine a variety of sociological theories and perspectives that have been created by various scientists. For exampleFunctionalism is from the laut Durkheim there is an essential interconnectivity of all elements of all society that share common ideas and principles, and the sum of these elements is not as large as society itself. The sociologist sees society as a huge biological organism for which everyoneParts work properly to stay alive. In the discussion of the collective and individual behavior, Durkheim explained that these two concepts are completely different, and there is a collective conscience that makes people adapt and act in a predictable way. The concept of collective conscience is advantageous and positive because it defines and evaluates the behavior standards.
Nevertheless, not all sociologists share the same view of society. For example, there is also a conflict theory developed by Karl Marx. In contrast to functionalism, conflict theory considers society as a system with an ongoing class conflict, especially between the proletarians and the bourgeoisie.The main cause of this conflict is the lack of resources and its unequal distribution, while its effects are associated with the necessary changes in society.emphasizes Karl Marx and promotes the estrangement that a person isolated from society. During the ability of the collective consciousness, to hold up people and unite them in society, tried to eliminate the theory of conflict and by theTo replace the class of the class.
It is obvious that functionalism and conflict theory contradict each other. They differ in almost all ideas and concepts, including the main structure of society. The main purpose of functionalism is to promote stability and to work properly in order to work properly in order toAvoiding errors. At the same time, it is the main goal of conflict theory to emphasize changes, since society cannot exist without it, and then it is completely or almost impossible to see how these theories can complement each other.