The United States' health policy is unique and developed in order to offer the nation an accessible and optimally effective supply.Although the provision of the authority for the health administration for companies is relatively unusual, the regulations adopted by the local legislators are similar. In the Netherlands, for example, the law allows practitioners to advise patients after the conclusion of specific pharmacology programs and internship times (Maier,2019). This paper aims to compare the Dutch and American prescribing authority for nurses and to identify the role of international organizations in the development of guidelines for regulating health care.
The prescribing authority for nurses will be discussed in detail in the USA due to its advantages and disadvantages for patient results in the USthe practitioner is perceived on the distribution of substances (Bodenheimer & Grumbach, 2020). The prescriptive authority developed and expands in most countries, and the guidelines around them are similar to Europeans.Receive licensing based on specific educational and practical courses to get the right medication advice.
Dutch politics, which regulates the prescribing nursing authority, is in contrast to the American state regulatory authority for the entire country, but this conditions apply to the political systems of the federal states in generalPrescribe after receiving at least one master's degree in nursing and completing the additional pharmacological curriculum (de Bruijn-Geraets et al., 2018). In a similar way, in American states with independent practice, a specialist from certified educational courses must complete theTo maintain the prescribed authority.In contrast, there are various laws and administrative councils such as local nursing practice and board of directors in the United States to manage various aspects of the profession (Gerand, 2021). The comparison showed that the Netherlands have a centralized and universal regulation of the health system,And the analysis of their efficiency is revealing to develop strategies for enforcing the local political design of the American countries.
International unions such as the World Health Organization (WHO) are the driving force of the political design for the health systems of the federal states. In the crime, who combines scientists and health professions from different cultures in order to monitor the performance of the associated industries and to manage challenges (Maier, 2019). The cleverest example of those who affect the development of politics is the determination of regulations for combating the COVID-19-outbreak. In the crime, the organization has determined the standards for security and prevention measures, and the governments worldwideYou to adopt the regulations of laws for updating health systems and adapt the responsibilities and activities of the specialists.to include.
Health systems and the nursing profession are managed differently in the United States and in the European countries, but the example of the Netherlands shows many similarities in the guidelines.Requirements. International organizations, such as who, are valuable for political design in healthcare, since they offer evidence -based and objective solutions for countries to improve people worldwide.