"Redges of the Rainbow" was created in 2017 by Michael Delsol and Haruku Shinozaki.It is a collection of photographs and personal stories by LGBT+Q Community representatives from different parts of Japans.Michael Delsos is a French photographer who represents the people connected to the creation, and his pictures are in magazines and newspapersHe also publishes the exhibits in which Delsol presents his work separately or with other photographers. Haruku Shinozaki is a journalist and researches the marginal communities and minorities in Japan, especially in LGBTQ+ community members. This book applies to a certain audiencehow social activists, representatives of minority groups, demographic researchers and those interested in learning to learn more about the experiences of the border communities in Japan.
The purpose of the work is to tell the audience the experience of minorities in one of the most compliant and traditional countries in the world. The title of the book means the two different sides of the LGBTQ+ culture in Japan, which means that it is on the one hand aThe general topic acts that appears in books, shows, anime, the Japanese cartoons (Delsol & Shinozaki, 2017).
The confessions of the people, whose stories are told on the pages of the book, are fascinating and fascinating, since the person of different professions and classes, the associated ones who can represent LGBTQ+ community.At a young age it was very religious and decided to hold services for the LGBTQ+ Farerer so that they had a safe space in which they could accept their spirituality. Another example is an initiative called Akta that is for sexual education for humansAnd awareness of the prevention of HIV/AIDS (Delsol, Shinozaki 2017). They also have literature and other information resources on the subject of LGBTQ+ and welcome queer people who are looking for help or help in a personal situation.
People of different sexuality and genders are much more diverse than the typical stereotypes. A main idea of ​​Delsol and Shinozaki (2017) is that society has the image of a LGBTQ+ person as someone who is extravagant in light clothing and unusual appearance, but mostlyAre they normal people. This can be a priest from the local church, a school teacher or a bus driver - they are all different and everyone has unique history and personality.To show the type of self -expression in places where society is regarded as traditional or conservative towards the topic.
The work that is devoted to the difficulties of life of minorities in a country with a strong traditional culture is a real protest. The life of ordinary people who have been captured with their difficulties teach us to be more tolerant because strongPain behind a smiling mask can be hidden.The ASAN 201 concept, since it also helps to understand Asian culture through a multidisciplinary approach that represents the social side of the question. The authors deserve the life with honor and dignity, as it is in Japanese cultureShould. Delsol and Shinozaki (2017) the book raises the veil of the world that has not yet been spoken to. One thing is clear: This work has made a significant contribution to efforts to improve many minorities and talk about a topicthat has been taboo in Japanese society for a long time.