The Bhagavad Gita is an old Indian scripture that comprises of 700 verses and is a portion of the larger epic Mahabharata. This volume is one of the central sacred scriptures of Hinduism and originates from the latter part of the first millennium BC. e. The storyline of the Gita unravels within the context of a dialogue between Arjuna, the prince of the Pandavas, and Krishna, his mentor, charioteer, and the ultimate God manifested. Krishna provokes Arjuna’s behavioral patterns and aids in resolving some ethical anticipations. The latter is intertwined with the necessity for the Pandavas to battle against the Kauravas. This manuscript aims to ponder over the Bhagavad Gita, one of the most remarkable volumes of the Indian epic.
Arjuna displays defining features, such as self-assurance, conceit, and haughtiness. Arjuna illustrates exceptional martial abilities and is among the finest fighters. Krishna is the embodiment of the Ultimate God and his characteristics encompass sagacity, modesty, erudition, and kindness. The two figures share an intimate bond: “Then, Madhava (Krishna) and the son of Pandu (Arjuna), situated in their splendid chariot with white horses hitched to it, loudly blew their divine conchs” (“Bhagavad Gita,” 2021, p. 13). Additional characters are the Kaurava king Dhritarashtra and his counselor Sanjaya, subordinate figures.
The intention of the writer of the epic was to narrate the conflict of Kurukshetra, where two Indian armies congregated to engage in combat until the ultimate triumph. Arjuna implores Krishna to steer towards the heart of the battleground and discern those who will engage and those who advocate war – his kin, comrades, and educators. Arjuna feels deceived as he is disinclined to fight and slay them. Overflowing with uncertainty, he lays down his bow and raises numerous queries to his charioteer Krishna regarding the motives for the war, the potential for relinquishing the battle, the propriety of his deed, and moral quandaries.
Hence, a contemplation on the Bhagavad Gita, one of the most exceptional volumes of the Indian epic, has been presented. The volume is pertinent, as it unveils ageless themes – ethics, equity, a sense of obligation, a sentiment of affection for one's fellow being. The philosophical discussion between Arjuna and Krishna delves into the most demanding ethical subjects that are relevant to both war and peace. The figures examine issues of identity crisis, the aim of life, the human psyche, and human disposition.