The Caribbean past involves the brutal colonization by Western nations like Spain. Upon colonization, the region was inhabited by indigenous groups such as the Ciboney or Guanahuatebey, Taino Arawak, and Carib. The colonizers brought a multitude of enslaved Africans who would toil in their residences and plantations. The Whites were the minority and foreigners in the Caribbean but harshly captured and governed against the Blacks majority. Nonetheless, the Blacks maintained their identity and self-expression through various cultural activities observable to this day.
The Caribbean is the homeland for many musical genres expressing human freedom and revolution. Reggae is linked with the Caribbean populace, and it is the informal soundtrack of numerous Caribbean vacations. Reggae artists such as Bob Marley and the Wailers created revolutionary and redemptions songs protesting against the White oppressive rule in the Caribbean. Thus, through Reggae, the Caribbean populace articulated their indignation against the harsh White control.
The predominant African population in the Caribbean associated themselves with their cuisines and customs, encompassing religious beliefs. The enslaved individuals preserved their African culinary art and treasured their cuisines. For instance, the Callaloo, the Caribbean vegetable stew, is one of the national dishes in Tobago and Trinidad. Additionally, carnivales and processions are serious business in the region. The Caribbean processions demonstrate the area’s folklores and customs of African origin. The Caribbean populace commemorates historical events like slavery through festivities. The unique African legacy in the Caribbean aided in recognizing the Blacks.
The Caribbean was colonized by the whites, who were the minority of the region’s populace. The colonizers brought Africans who toiled in their residences and plantations under the fierce rule. However, the enslaved individuals and the Blacks in the region expressed and recognized themselves through music and unique African legacy. Reggae tunes helped the Blacks protest against the pitiless white rule, and events such as the processions and festivities commemorated slavery. Furthermore, African cuisines such as Callaloo identified Africanism in the Caribbean. Despite the brutal rule by the White minority, the Blacks in the Caribbean expressed and identified themselves through tunes and events that are observable to this day.