There are extremely few movies that investigate not just female companionships but also delve into the personal connection of women, aiming to escape the limitations of gender, class, time, and place. In turn, Scott’s journey film reveals the female essence from the inside. Thelma, wed at 18 and tolerating her oppressive husband, is not as oppressed and mild as many would prefer to see. Thelma does not consent to condone, so she packs her belongings, throws suitcases into her friend’s car, leaves a note for her husband, and goes off with Louise for the entire weekend. If Thelma is an inexperienced adventurer, then Louise is a sincere rebel. Her boyfriend Jimmy has no control over her, but rather she dictates the rules to him, although she is compelled to endure his continuous exploits while she works as a waitress. Louise does not hesitate to shoot the man who attempted to assault her friend.

Seeing the world through the eyes of liberated women driving cheerfully into the unknown was an innovation that boldly granted a woman the right to be human. Cooper notes that this is a movie about women who challenge eternity and openly disregard social conditions. It has a philosophical foundation in the immortality of the soul and the noble value of freedom, which scorns even death. The film’s conclusion proves that suicide is preferable to prison, just as lethal injection is superior to life imprisonment.

It is unfortunate that they do not produce powerful films about women’s struggles in Hollywood anymore; that is why it remains necessary to revisit Thelma and Louise from year to year. The current films about women ending with a wedding, and receiving a ring from a man are equated to the moment of personal transformation and self-identification of a woman who is seeking only worldly peace in life. These clichéd films are forgotten and will never become a symbol of the female spirit, which Thelma and Louise became precisely because it mirrors the genuine woman’s craving for freedom. Smith, in her speech, focuses on gender inequality in cinema. As confirmation, the speaker presents depressing statistics. First, according to Smith, less than a third of all speaking characters are women (2:39). The most surprising thing is that the situation has not changed for 70 years. As my example, I can mention the world-famous film The Lord of the Rings, where all ten central roles are male. Thus, the woman is still conspicuously absent from the screen.

Second, Smith asserts that besides gender inequality, Hollywood films are characterized by racial and ethnic discrimination. It is remarkable that it is possible to anticipate changes in this direction. In 2020, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced the introduction of special rules that should eliminate inequalities within the organization itself and the film industry. Rottenberg affirms that starting in 2024, films that qualify for the Best Film award must meet at least two of the four criteria. Among them is the presence of actors from an ethnic or racial minority, 30% of the composition of a woman, representatives of the LGBTQ+ community, a racial or ethnic minority, and people with disabilities. Moreover, there must be the same diversity in the production and marketing teams that work on the film, and the film must represent one of the listed minorities. Nevertheless, women remain in the minority since the requirement is 30%, but women are about half of society.

Third, Smith notes that only 4.1% of directors are women (6:00). Moreover, only three of the 886 directors are African American or black, and only one woman is Asian (Smith 6:13). At the same time, there is a correlation between the gender of the director and the peculiarity of the roles in this movie. Thus, the more women participate in creating a movie, the more women appear on the screen, and vice versa. This fact is one of the reasons for the disheartening statistics on the number of women in cinema and the peculiarity of their representation. Therefore, given the disheartening statistics and trends that have taken place in recent years, Hollywood cinema is not a very good place for women. Chelsey, thank you for your opinion. Indeed, apart from the motif of freedom and independence, Thelma and Louise unfold with a feminist approach, making women as robust as men. The film’s female perspectives undermine and appropriate the dominant male gaze typical of mainstream Hollywood cinema, using ridicule as a narrative device to illustrate the sexism inherent in the male gaze. Three narrative devices are explicated that structure the ridicule in the film: stereotypes about depraved and testosterone-obsessed men; portray men as a spectacle for female attention; and the celebration of women’s friendships. The outcome of the tongue-in-cheek techniques is a strong female gaze that resists and defies patriarchy and opens the film’s text to a feminist reading. Regarding the TED talk by Stacy Smith, indeed, the situation regarding the role of women in the film industry is disastrous. Thus, nowadays, most films are shot by men and many films still represent the male gaze.