On January 1 of this year, our organization received details about the spot rate of Malaysian ringgit (MYR) to USD to be 3.13 MYR on April 1; however, on April 1, it became 3.52 MYR. Our group conducted an analysis about the significance of foreign currency exchange for our trade in Malaysia. The primary objective of this communication is to showcase the results of our assessment and demonstrate that currency exchange is a feasible and lucrative choice for our company.
The profitability of transactions in the international market is affected by foreign currency exchange. As our organization has sales agreements with different suppliers, we have a responsibility to vend a specific number of units that are shipped to Malaysia during the first quarter. Specifically, the company must sell 4,000 units for 1.25 million MYR within the specified period. Since retailers make payments in their local currency, fluctuations in the exchange rate between MYR and USD may impact our earnings. While we could establish the so-called producer currency pricing to make the customers purchase in USD, it may lead to the complete market loss (Monetary and Economic Department [MED], 2018). Hence, it is crucial to maintain international currency exchange because minor adjustments in MYR/USD rate should not affect its profit.
This notice will assess three scenarios: adjusting for currency fluctuations, utilizing a fixed rate mentioned in the contract, and evading currency exchange by purchasing raw materials in MYR. Firstly, our organization could utilize the spot rate of 3.52 on April 1 to convert its sales revenue in MYR to USD. If the rate was 3.13 MYR per one USD in January, then there was 0.39 points increase on April 1. If 1.25 million MYR is converted to USD in April’s rate, there is a $44,247 loss. Secondly, our company can secure January’s rate of 3.13 MYR/USD and thus convert 1.25 million MYR using this value; in this situation, the company will have a $44,247 profit. Lastly, the third scenario prevents any currency exchange, avoiding the loss, but it also does not allow a profit.
Although the second case appears to be the most profitable, our organization should consider local retailers’ interests to evade losing customers. Indeed, currency fluctuation is an unavoidable part of the foreign exchange market. Our computations indicated that there is a short-term benefit in converting to USD by a fixed rate. However, there is no actual long-term profitability in reducing domestic currency because the exchange value may drop below the ones indicated in a contract (MED, 2018). Therefore, our primary recommendation was to procure raw materials using local currency, which would minimize exchange risks. Nonetheless, after completing computations for the first two scenarios, we believe that maintaining an equal share of USD and MYR will be profitable both in short and long perspectives.
In conclusion, this communication reviewed the issue of currency fluctuations and the risks of exchange for our organization in the Malaysian market. Considering the available literature and our calculations, we propose procuring raw materials using ringgit. At the same time, we suggest having a one-to-one ratio of the U.S. dollar and MYR in this market because the currency conversion brings short-term profit at times when the value of USD rises. If you have any uncertainties about our proposal, please email us directly. You can also bring your queries to our meeting that will be held in the conference room on February 10, 2022.