The essence of mythology and its persistence in culture over thousands of years has long intrigued scholars and intellectuals. Joseph Campbell’s publication named The protagonist with a thousand faces explores this matter thoroughly to expose how myth as a psychologically informed phenomenon predetermines cultural patterns of humanity. In this manuscript, the initial chapter of the book, “Myth and dream,” will be the focal point of the debate. The proposition of this segment could be conveyed through the subsequent citation. The writer argues that myths “are perilous because they jeopardize the structure of the security into which we have constructed ourselves and our family. Nevertheless, they are devilishly captivating too, as they harbor keys that unlock the entire realm of the desired and dreaded adventure of the discovery of the self” (Campbell, 2004, p. 7). Such an articulation suggests that individuals’ minds interlace myths and dreams as a mechanism of self-perception, comprehension of the self within the context of the entire life cycle, and dealing with developmental change. Myths guide individuals through the trials of life and enable the assimilation of the conscious and subconscious into a unified framework. Indeed, antecedent to introducing the notion in the previously mentioned citation, Campbell (2004) alludes to the repeated incidence of the fears and irrationalities from ancient mythology in present-day individuals’ dreams. Indeed, the themes of animosity, conceit, envy are interwoven with affection, appreciation, and other sentiments and incentives for action. In this way, these subjects are perilous to individuals because they expose the psychological foundations of their subconscious in manners that oppose their logical or conscious decision-making and thinking. The author expands on this central concept by referencing the correspondence penned by individuals about their mythic dreams mirroring their anxieties or subconscious conflicts. Campbell (2004) provides an instance of a young man’s dream about inadvertently slaying his father to gain the complete attention of his mother, which has been a recurring motif in mythology. Furthermore, the author alludes to a dream of a woman who visualizes a half-horse-half-man figure in her dream despite any notions of unfaithfulness encountered consciously. In this aspect, the correlation between the experiences of early childhood and adulthood is crucial for myths and their appearance in dreams. This observation aids in elucidating the subsequent part of the citation, which posits that through the contradictions of the mythic dreams, individuals can grasp their selves and the subconscious stimuli of their emotions and actions.