Rewrite the following text by replacing as many words as possible with their synonyms. 
                    Ensure that the original meaning is preserved and the rewritten text remains grammatically correct. 
                    Do not change the length of the text significantly or add any new content. 
                    
                    Text: Price of Enhanced Documentation System
The Enhanced Documentation System is a document technology partner that aids optimize and enhance the work of the company’s printers. The expenses spent on printers and their supply grow exponentially within years. There are various ways to enhance the way printers are managed by introducing useful services such as the Enhanced Documentation System. The price of the system depends on the brand, for example on Capterra, the service costs $25 per month with a minimum of 5 working places which is $125 in total (Capterra, 2022). The software has a free trial period that allows the customer to comprehend the features of the system and its operational specialties.
The utilization of the system can become profitable for the company over time. It is a cost-saving service as it analyzes and instructs the personnel to use various printer modes for different needs. The software educates the customer to use the printer on a higher level and consequently leads to improved document management including converting papers to digital and re-engineering processes for better productivity. The service successfully integrates into the IT environment of the firm and optimizes the internal work processes.
Eventually, the implementation of the Enhanced Documentation System can become an investment over time as it can save the time of the personnel, increase their efficiency, and help the environment (Advanced Document Systems, 2022). The eco-friendly approach is based on conserving the print and the time printers are used by the personnel.
Alternative Funding Sources
The company can pay for the service using various financial resources for alternative funding resources. The sources usually depend on the scale of the firm, its level of income, and its current position in the market. The simplest and most accessible way to pay for Enhanced Document System is from the cash flow, especially if the company has a surplus of profit. Some companies do not possess many employees and income, and they can take a bank loan to cover the expenses of the system. The bank loan can also be beneficial when the service is needed for many seats that have to be united and optimized. Then, the expenses spent on the system increase, and extra funding might be needed.
To increase the cash flow, the company can also go to the equity market and issue the stocks. The more stocks are sold to shareholders, the more cash flow the firm receives and can use for different needs. The other way to find alternative funding sources is to issue bonds that represent a fixed-income instrument. A bond is a debt obligation meaning that the company borrows from an investor a specific sum of money. Bonds are safe for investors and quicker to obtain for the company because more people invest in bonds as a safer method. Finally, the company can use mixed funding to get the cash for the payment which means uniting several methods described above. All the funding opportunities are possible for purchasing and implementing the Enhanced Documentation System.