Abduction is a transgression that involves the illicit seizing and carrying away of an individual by force or deception, as well as the unauthorized detention and incarceration of a person against their consent. Therefore, in my viewpoint, a felony of endeavor should be penalized in the same manner as the underlying substantive violation. In the previous scenario, for instance, one might argue that if Jerry is accused of the actual criminal act of bank robbery, he must have intended to execute the felony (Roberson & O’Reilley, 2020). Another illustration is that if a defendant is incapable of carrying out a homicide, the violation is downgraded to attempted murder. Even though the suspect did not commit the offense, he had the intention to do so, and thus the penalty should be equivalent. Nonetheless, other factors may influence the judgment. Nonetheless, below is my perspective on how the aforementioned case should be managed. To commence, kidnapping is categorized as a second (lawbreaking) or a first-degree offense under criminal procedure. The third tier of abduction is a permissible violation classified as a class B felony.
Surprisingly, abduction is tantamount to seizing to the following extent. Abduction in the first degree is also a class A-I legal violation (Roberson & O’Reilley, 2020). Individuals are culpable of this violation if they anticipate an outsider to remit or transfer funds or assets as a payment or coerce them to desist from pursuing a distinct opportunity. Seizing may be a complex criminal notion, particularly given the distinctions between seizing and illegal confinement. The disparities between seizing, unlawful detention, as well as abduction must be comprehended.
In connection with the foregoing discourse, Jerry coerced the cashier into aiding him in a bank robbery. Therefore, he should not be charged with abduction because he subsequently released the teller. Nonetheless, he should be accused of attempted kidnapping to confine the bank employee and utilize him as a bargaining tool to abscond. I am of the opinion that the robber’s intention to retain the teller as a captive is a pivotal element because he had to flee when the authorities thwarted his plan (Roberson & O’Reilley, 2020). Hence, detaining the clerk should not be considered as abduction since the captive was not relocated from one place to another.
For the offense of abduction to occur, the victim must have been relocated while being detained in grossly illegal custody. Therefore, based on that fact, Jerry should not be found guilty of the violation since he did not have transportation. Furthermore, depriving one of their liberty is the most crucial aspect of abduction. While Jerry managed to depart the scene promptly, he compelled the cashier to accompany him into the bank parking lot. However, upon reaching the intended location, he releases the hostage. Consequently, Jerry does not intend to deprive the bank employee of their freedom as he subsequently releases the individual based on the provided facts.
In conclusion, the application of coercion towards the bank teller cannot be viewed as a distinct offense from what is intended by the defendant initially. Jerry aims to rob the bank, and hence, the offense is robbery. Any transgression that emerges from and within this intended violation will be encompassed into the offense itself. It is noteworthy that robbery is a criminal violation under common law since threats or force are employed to unlawfully take possessions from another individual. Consequently, the use of force against the bank clerk is an inherent aspect of the robbery that cannot be separated from it.