Physical inspection of the impacted regions of the skin is essential. People with cellulitis are likely to have a reddened area of the skin, swelling, and intense pain (Brown & Watson, 2022). Brant is feeling pain in his right leg, in a reddened region that is swollen. The impacted zone should be thoroughly examined for any signs of skin breakdown. Fluctuations in temperature in the region should be observed along with indications of an abscess (Sutherland & Parent, 2017). Brant disclosed that he was stung by a mosquito on the reddened spot. Given the seemingly serious nature of the case, the doctor may request a complete blood count (CBC) examination. This will assist in measuring blood count levels (Bennett et al., 2020). A CBC will enable the doctor to make a precise early diagnosis of a broad spectrum of medical conditions. The doctor may also request a C-reactive protein (CRP) test, which is a blood examination for inflammation. This would be imperative as Brant has injured skin due to a mosquito sting (Sutherland & Parent, 2017). Brant’s situation indicates significant systemic disturbance as there is a display of chills and sudden disorientation. Key diagnostic criteria for Brant would involve evaluating the presence of erythematous inflammation in the basal dermis and subcutaneous tissue. Redness, swelling, and pain are all indications of cellulitis (Sutherland & Parent, 2017). Erythema must be evident to establish the diagnosis. The position and nature of injured skin should also be evaluated. To confirm cellulitis, the patient’s skin must be examined for tiny scrapes resulting from insect stings (Brown & Watson, 2022). Lower limbs are frequently affected. Brant’s positioning and mobility should be adjusted. To diminish swelling in the downward-facing areas, Brant’s feet and arms should be elevated on cushions while he rests on his back (Zariquiey-Esteva & Santa-Candela, 2017). Prolonged standing by Brant may impede rapid blood circulation to the heart, potentially causing low blood pressure. Brant may also need to be positioned on his side in the recovery posture, particularly when he experiences queasiness or the urge to vomit. According to the evaluation, he feels queasy and feeble and has vomited multiple times (Zariquiey-Esteva & Santa-Candela, 2017). This will help prevent low blood pressure. When pathogens breach the skin, "cytokines" and "neutrophils" are discharged into the bloodstream to combat them. This leads to cellulitis, which is distinguished by redness, warmth, swelling, and pain (Brown & Watson, 2022, para 5). This seems to have been the scenario for Brant. He was stung by a mosquito, which ruptured his skin, enabling bacteria (Streptococcus pyogenes) to infiltrate the area. An episode of redness and swelling occurred when "cytokines and neutrophils" were attracted to the skin area to combat the bacteria (Brown & Watson, 2022, para 5).