Chapter 12 details the occurrences of the settlement of the Americas in 1450-1600, encompassing the subjection of the southern landmass and the varieties of commerce that impacted Asia, Africa, and Europe. The chapter commences by elucidating why the more dynamic and assertive empires, the Ottoman and Chinese, were not engaged in the settlement of the territories in South and North America (Adelman et al., 2015, p. 475). The writers remark that the populations of numerous Asian nations for ages had only a hazy notion of the extent and significance of Columbus’ revelation. This revelation, via heightened commerce and interaction among populations, altered the boundaries of territories on fresh continents and the lifestyles of the inhabitants of European, African, and Asian nations. Intriguingly, China played a distinct part in international relations as a nation whose populace was one-third of the globe.

It is observed that the expansion to the west was partially a trial, bringing about the concepts of the New and Old Worlds. Subsequently, the management of information from diverse parts of the world has turned into a spring of political authority (Adelman et al., 2015, p. 478). It is also explained how the Ottoman Empire, which had already vanquished Byzantium, the Balkans, and intruded on the Venecians’ empire, conquered Syria and Egypt in 1516-1517. The Ottoman Empire fell short in conquering Iran when confronted with the Safavid, who established a Shia state on the Iranian plateau. Remarkably, the subsequent strategies of the Ottoman Empire to conquer Europe coincided with the Protestant movement spearheaded by Martin Luther. The authors also deliberate on the presence of the Portuguese in Africa and Asia in the setting of the ‘clash’ of the continents. Critical subjects include navigation and military progress, sugar and enslavement, commerce and conquest in the Indian Ocean, and the subjugated Atlantic world.

Chapter 13 examines the further integration of connections between the New and Old Worlds, China, Africa, and Europe. The rise of the mercantilism notion in global trade is particularly highlighted. Europeans perceive mercantilism as a notion that precious resources such as gold and silver are finite in the world as a whole and the aspiration to accumulate these resources in their treasury.

After the Spaniards confiscated the majority of the gold and silver in South America, other European nations endeavored to acquire these resources by vending cash crops like tobacco and sugar and through government-approved pirate assaults on merchant vessels (Adelman et al., 2015, p. 520). Furthermore, the writers recount the Little Ice Age in the 17th century, when a cold spell and drought triggered reforestation after the eradication of millions of cities in South America as a consequence of illnesses introduced by the Spaniards (Adelman et al., 2015, p. 524). Subsequently, the expansion in North America is delineated, encompassing the settlement of the initial states by Europeans on the Atlantic shoreline.

The comparative outlooks on climate transformation in the Ottoman and Ming empires are equally intriguing. In these empires, the Little Ice Age incited severe rebellion and turmoil among the peasants who confronted famine. The chill hit the eastern Mediterranean regions of the Ottoman Empire the most, where the scenario was further disrupted by the influx of New World silver causing inflation. What started as unrest in Anatolia province ultimately culminated in the downfall of the Ottoman Empire, which never regained its authority and sway, although the revolt was followed by a prosperous era in the late seventeenth century. The enfeeblement of the state prompted Egypt, Syria, and other Arab provinces to assert independence.

The Little Ice Age was fatal for the Ming dynasty, which did not endure and was subsequently substituted by the Qing dynasty. In Beijing, an estimated 300,000 residents perished from starvation; food scarcities impelled the Manchu to China, adding to the destabilization (Adelman et al., 2015, p. 537). Eventually, the charismatic rebellion frontrunner Li Zicheng seized Beijing in 1644. The New World silver undermined the Chinese economy, with the peasants bearing the heaviest burden.