An expo is a prearranged staging and demonstration of chosen items such as clothing and outfits that take place in an educational or cultural environment. It might be conducted in museums, expo halls, art galleries, parks, or libraries. All expos are temporary; hence they are planned to happen within a specific timeframe. For an expo to be successful, it must be assembled and executed by a group of professionals such as the curators whose task is to choose items to be displayed and presented. It involves events such as commercially focused trade fairs and expositions, art in major museums and smaller galleries, and interpretive shows. Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams display scheduled from September 10 th , 2021 to February 20 th , 2022 is an instance of a presentation illustrating several aspects of an expo.
Thesis and Topics of Christian Dior’s Exhibition
The expo on Christian Dior explores the intellect behind Dior’s dramatic creations that revitalized the entire Parisian high fashion industry after the devastation of the Second World War. In 1947, the groundbreaking “New Look” and the establishment of the new couture house eradicated the masculine wartime silhouette, making Christian Dior’s postwar fashions desired, worn, and copied by women worldwide (Bowles). Derived from the Royal Ontario Museum, the Christian Dior fashion design collection is complemented by a dozen outfits from the McCord Museum’s fashion, dress, and textiles collection and loans from Dior Heritage, Paris. The expo focuses on the period from 1947 to 1957. It provides an intriguing look into the creative process and the workings of the Parisian high fashion industry during the 1950s (Bowles). It examines Dior’s luxurious fabrics, romantic embellishments, and iconic lines that formed the foundation for the fashion house’s global success. Showcasing magnificent fashions from daytime to eveningwear for grand occasions, the expo invites visitors to explore the exquisite artistry, sophisticated details, and brilliant luxurious designs from the Golden Age of high fashion.
Displayed are galleries dedicated to Dior and the creative directors who succeeded him: Marc Bohan, Yves Saint Laurent, John Galliano, Gianfranco Ferre, and Raf Simons. A dressing room, a tribute to the Ateliers, and adjacent galleries of tailored garments exhibit Dior’s skilled hands (Bowles). The main hall of our Beaux-Arts Court has been transformed into an enchanted garden, and a concluding gallery showcases dresses worn by celebrities from Grace Kelly to Jennifer Lawrence. The Brooklyn Museum exhibition of Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams is curated by Denver Art Museum, Florence Muller, Avenir Foundation Curator of Textile Art, and Fashion curate Designer of Dreams, in collaboration with Brooklyn Museum.
Installation view, Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams, Brooklyn Museum, September 10th, 2021–February 20th, 2022. (Photo: Here and Now Agency)
Description of Displays
Visitors are similarly shown how Dior has been perceived over the years. Fashion photography adorns a room, in addition to the work of such notable artists as Ethan James Green, Irving Penn, Lillian Bassman, Annie Leibovitz, and Horst P. Richard Avedon taking center stage in this room, immediately showcasing the most photographs and also the largest. Avedon’s Dovima with Elephants is positioned in the middle of the room, to be observed alongside a mannequin wearing and the same dress that Dovima donned in the photograph. Unprecedented attention is also given to American photojournalists, who have their turn to depict how Americans view the brand.
Narrative Structure
Dior highlights on display include Galliano’s initial gown designed for the house: the midnight satin and lace lingerie-inspired dress worn by Diana, Princess of Wales, to attend the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Dior retrospective in 1996. Here is the chartreuse satin dress trimmed in fawn-colored pink that Nicole Kidman wore to the 1997 Academy Awards (Bowles). Raf Simon’s pale pink ballgown that Jeniffer Lawrence draped herself in as she went to receive her 2013 Academy Award. The stylish headpieces throughout the expo are by Stephen Jones, who has artfully suggested period hairstyles and recreated archive hat shapes, and this final room hints at the personality of the specific wearers with twists of ribbon.
Exhibition Design
The expo employs an engaging display technique whereby a few rooms offer an insight into the symbols of the house and how they influence different designs. The 18th century’s influence on the house is given special attention, showing how the extravagant attire of the era influenced the silhouette and forms of the designs (Bowles). Raf Simon’s work here notably differs from his predecessors as he draws inspiration not from ladies’ contemporary dresses but instead from men’s attire and dressing codes in traditionally masculine coats.
Color also plays a significant role in the brand today. Items of various kinds from the house are presented in a color spectrum that demonstrates how each shade is utilized in context. A completely white room highlights the effort that goes into the garments, while the “toile-the in-process test garments” provide a unique insight into the process of couture creation (Bowles). Flowers and gardens, which held a special place in Dior’s heart, are given the largest space in the exhibit. Their influence is consistently seen throughout the exhibition, and beautiful dresses from the house’s history envelop the visitors, reaching up to the ceiling against garden-inspired backgrounds. Christian Dior’s exhibit raises pertinent questions in fashion studies. It inquires whether the legacy of its process has led to the increasingly narrow and standardized fashion exhibitions that could harm America’s fashionable standing by excluding various places and networks that make the country’s fashion culture distinctive.
Installation view, Christian Dior: Designer of Dreams, Brooklyn Museum, September 10th, 2021–February 20th, 2022. (Photo: Here and Now Agency)