Acquiring historical knowledge assists individuals in establishing links between the past and present and enables making forecasts for the future based on prior teachings. Global warming is one of the most substantial subjects of concern and investigation. Irrespective of how effectively civilizations advance in terms of technology, they will unavoidably encounter calamities if they disregard the matters of nature. The Chernobyl nuclear mishap, which occurred in 1986, was one of the most catastrophic ecological occurrences that altered the destinies of thousands of individuals in numerous nations.

My previous understanding of the subject is not sufficient, but I am aware that the primary discharge of radioactive substances transpired, which resulted in the pollution of air and water, causing various illnesses and fatalities. I have also perused somewhere that the then-governing administration of the USSR concealed the blast, which hindered individuals from safeguarding their lives in the initial few hours and days following the incident. Regrettably, persons residing adjacent to the atomic facility, as well as those residing further away, had no opportunity to survive. The mishap resulted in the escalation of radiation levels to "between ten and one hundred times normal" (Price, 2021, para. 1). I have also read about the valor and selflessness of those who engaged in fire extinguishing procedures.

I am interested in delving further into the factors that led to such a calamity and determining whether it was avoidable. Additionally, I wish to scrutinize the rationales behind the decision of the USSR government to hide the truth and prevent individuals from preserving their lives. I am unable to comprehend how they could have remained silent at a juncture when thousands of citizens were gradually being ensnared in an ecological snare.

The principles, presumptions, and convictions I hold concerning the chosen subject are twofold. On one side, I am apprehensive that such catastrophes can arise and jeopardize people's lives. On the flip side, I am profoundly perturbed by the reality that the authorities can act so recklessly and dare to disregard people's lives. I have always regarded freedom and well-being as the most crucial principles. I am of the opinion that global leaders should exhaust all measures to avert such calamities or at least not conceal them.

My viewpoint on the subject is that individuals should glean insights from such catastrophes and leverage this devastating experience in the future. Nonetheless, my stance is closely linked to the contemporary global scenario. The pertinent events unfolding due to Russia's incursion into Ukraine are disconcerting. In the framework of my subject, I must highlight that a few days ago, Russians assaulted Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia nuclear facility, which is the largest in Europe (Borger & Henley, 2022). While the very issue of the Russian invasion of Ukraine is profoundly tragic and pertinent, I will concentrate on the nuclear plants' seizure in this paper. Russians captured Chernobyl and Zaporizhzhia nuclear facilities, and they appear oblivious to the potential consequences of explosions that could ensue.

Regrettably, it appears that history has failed to instruct some individuals anything. After numerous fatalities in 1986 and subsequent years, one might presume that nations worldwide had assimilated the significance of people's well-being and lives. That is why I aspire to probe into the incident of the Chernobyl nuclear mishap. In doing so, I will be equipped to learn more about that catastrophe and derive inferences regarding present-day perils and the necessity for precautionary actions to avert the likelihood of its recurrence.