It is no secret that some members of society have more advantages than others. Individuals are marginalized based on their race, ethnicity, and social class. My encounter with unfairly treated individuals was when I observed how an African American woman was not permitted to enter a restaurant due to some undisclosed reasons. This was a dreadful experience as I felt uneasy about what was unfolding in the restaurant. I believe individuals should not be mistreated because of their race. Racial bias should be a concern in the contemporary world.

This minor instance indicates the larger issue of unjustly treating individuals in the context of the criminal justice system. The justice system in the United States is constructed to safeguard and serve everyone. This notion should be embracing of all races, genders, and other distinguishing characteristics. It occurs more frequently than what the news outlets may reveal, although it shouldn't. Minorities and individuals who do not conform to society's "norms" are often subjected to unequal treatment by those tasked with safeguarding them. In the publication, Stevenson writes about groups of individuals who are susceptible to being victimized by the system and how he aided individuals in prison to bring them justice. It can be stated that the system is inherently prejudiced toward minorities, and it causes individuals to endure without any significant justification.

A prominent illustration of this is the instance of George Floyd. When I initially watched the footage of George Floyd's killing, I experienced a wave of pain and anger surge through my body. Not because I was shocked or outraged as such occurrences have been happening to Black women and men for a long time before I was born; rather, I felt powerless. That someone in a position to safeguard and defend chose to do the complete opposite and murder someone so blatantly and publicly. It's the same sense of hopelessness that the onlookers who witnessed Floyd's murder must have experienced, and it's the same helplessness that George must have felt as he shouted in his final moments. The type of powerlessness that prompts you to take action.

One of the teachings of the Black Lives Matter movement is that being non-racist is not sufficient; we must all utilize our voices to be anti-racist. Because silence could be interpreted as agreement, we all must fulfill our ethical obligations to those who are suffering from the fight. That doesn't just signify a performative social media post; it also requires us to ponder how we might aid. We can support the cause by engaging in conversations with friends and family, donating, being socially aware consumers, or writing to elected officials about implementing policies that will bring about change. This is precisely what Stevenson advocated in his publication, advocating for fair consideration of each criminal case, avoiding bias, and aiding people.

We can no longer ignore what has transpired in the past year. The suffering of the less fortunate is recorded and shared for all to witness. We are compelled to take action because there is no space for ignorance or passivity. The catalyst for change will be our capability to unlock our empathy for others and couple it with action. Despite many of these fatalities being captured on video, law enforcement officials are seldom arrested, prosecuted, or convicted for disproportionate use of force. A widespread demand for justice has emerged in reaction to the perceived absence of accountability.