The Idea Of Imperialism
The expression “imperialism” is utilized to describe the system of control of the developed nations of Europe (since the end of the XV century) and the USA (since the XIX century) (Cooper, 2002). It took over extensive regions of Asia, Africa, Latin America, Australia, and Oceania until the early 1960s (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). Imperialism also occurred in Japan (in the 1st half of the XX century) over several areas of East Asia and Oceania (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020).
The establishment of the system of imperialism began in the period of Great Geographical Discoveries. In the XV-XX centuries, there were numerous imperial empires (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The British Empire, the German Colonial Empire, the Spanish Colonial Empire, the Dutch Colonial Empire, the Portuguese Colonial Empire, the French Colonial Empire. Belgium, Denmark, Italy, the USA, Sweden, Japan, etc. had extensive colonial possessions. The system of imperialism of the XV-XIX centuries was marked by the ambition to establish a monopoly in trade with conquered territories (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The capture and plundering of entire countries were often accompanied by the destruction of a significant portion of their population. The use of harsh forms of exploitation of the native inhabitants of colonies and slave labor were frequently involved. Colonial policy during this period was executed in many instances by specially formed large privileged companies, such as East India Companies.
From the 2nd half of the XIX century, the exploitation of colonies through unequal trade exchange began to play a significant role (Rodney & Davis, 1972). Colonies were transformed into agricultural and raw materials extensions of metropolises with a monocultural direction of agricultural development and into markets for industrial products. By the end of the XIX century, the reliant territories and colonies fell under the direct state administration of the metropolises (Cooper, 2002). By 1914, colonies and reliant nations accounted for about 66.8% of the territory and 60% of the world’s population (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The national liberation movement in the colonies was brutally suppressed by the metropolises. The conflict between the leading powers for the redistribution of colonies was of no small significance for the start of the First World War.
Characteristics of Imperialism
The period of imperialism is distinguished by some key characteristics: powerful states militarily seized underdeveloped countries and state entities. The population of the colonies was exploited by feudal lords and slave owners. The metropolises established a monopoly on trade relations with the colonial territories. Essentially, the metropolises used the colonized territories solely for their enrichment. They amassed their own capital, thus further solidifying their positions, becoming global leaders (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The largest imperial empire in the history of mankind was Britain: it had colonies on every continent. Among the most renowned of them are the USA, Canada, Australia, India. Many African countries were also reliant on Britain.
The hub of the imperial empire was the metropolis: dominance was manifested either in the form of a dominion, that is, the governance was carried out by governor, or in the form of a protectorate. European countries strived not only to own vast territories but also to disseminate their culture. The Spaniards forcibly implemented Catholicization and Hispanization of the population, the Dutch imposed apartheid and the internment of Africans in reservations (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). There was a separation in the existence of the colonists and the local population, religious communities were formed separately. The colonial administration actively backed local conflicts, for instance, the clash of Hindus and Muslims in India (Rodney & Davis, 1972). Decolonization occurred after the Second World War; before that, the revolt in Madagascar and the uprising in Tunisia lasted six years (Rodney & Davis, 1972).
Pursued Objectives
The established imperial regime pursued specific objectives: reliant countries were utilized as markets for the vending of their products by Europeans as the profit gained was higher there. An essential factor was the supply of inexpensive raw materials to the European part of the continent. Due to the exploitation of colonies, the profit of the colonizers increased. This facilitated the enhancement of the wages of their employees; criminal elements were dispatched to new territories (Rodney & Davis, 1972). The local population could be employed for strenuous labor; apart from economic interests, the colonies were employed as points for the establishment of military bases. This was imperative to uphold the international status and bolster the security of each empire; the imperialism of territories here was highly convenient.
Key Ramifications of Imperialism
Favorable Ramifications
Industrial revolutions impacted not only the leading powers but also the colonial entities, which contributed to their economic and industrial advancement. A local intelligentsia was constituted in the reliant states (Cooper, 2002). Modernization, the growth of culture, and economy in the controlled countries occurred relatively swiftly. The global economic market was constituted and mobilized.
Adverse Ramifications
The more territories a country seized, the less competitive it became on the global stage. Expansion resulted in a deceleration in development. The colonies depleted their natural resources, ethnic identity, and partially lost their own culture. The native population of the occupied territories was swiftly forcibly annihilated to diminish their numbers (Cooper, 2002). If enforced extermination was not executed, then people perished due to the emergence of epidemics spurred by imported diseases. There was a complete absence of political advancement in the colonies, and the major powers could not permit this. Owing to this fact, such countries are currently undergoing a challenging phase of formation of the political structure, accompanied by conflicts, repression, and devastation.
The metropolises had stable markets for their products, so they practically did not expand their own production, as there was no such necessity. A crisis of the structure and culture of traditional society evolved (Rodney & Davis, 1972). A plethora of local conflicts emerged. Empires did not resolve numerous problems in their colonies, which is why conflicts are still ongoing in them. The former metropolises continue to endeavor to engage in the governance of the previously entirely controlled states. This resulted in a fierce, including military confrontation between the parties for the entitlement to conduct their own policy. The emergence of a large number of refugees and the rise of terrorism on a global scale.
Ramifications For Metropolises
The metropolises lagged behind other countries in military and economic terms due to the lack of stimuli for development, their production growth decelerated (Diop & Moschovakis, 2020). The resources and income received from investments in controlled countries were channeled exclusively to the development of the center of the empire.
Ramifications For Colonies
Nearly all types of resources, both natural and human, were plundered. There was enslavement of society, a substantial and abrupt deterioration in the standard of living. Factions of the population who dissented with the policy of the metropolis were physically eliminated. The population was forcibly relocated