Being a well-informed and skilled expert in one’s professional field is, undoubtedly, of great significance. For this reason, many learners of medical training establishments strive to obtain as much theoretical and practical proficiency as possible before graduation. Although such an approach is by no means incorrect, I have recently realized that the genuine success in the work of healthcare providers is elucidated by the physician’s capacity to establish connections with one’s patients. I fully comprehended the advantage of this simple but frequently neglected truth when observing Dr. Wang’s performance.
Dr. Wang is a proficient professional operating in the domain of eye surgery. However, it was astonishing for me to uncover how effortlessly he/she is capable of fostering close relationships with the patients. After examining her/his conduct, I recognized that there are specific abilities that enable Dr. Wang to earn the confidence of the individuals that visit the Eye Surgery Institute. First and foremost, he/she is an attentive listener, signifying that all of Dr. Wang’s patients are encouraged to fully and candidly articulate their symptoms and emotions without being disrupted. Secondly, Dr. Wang is always courteous and understanding with individuals irrespective of her/his general disposition. Lastly, I observed that Dr. Wang is amicable with regular patients as she/he is invested in their well-being and day-to-day experiences. For example, I overheard Dr. Wang inquiring about a woman’s daughter's health because the patient mentioned that the latter was unwell during the previous appointment.
As a consequence of such an approach towards individuals, I noticed that many attended individuals could confide in Dr. Wang openly as they trusted her/him. Consequently, I observed that this enabled the expert to provide better and more precise care. Furthermore, observing the favorable result that the capability to establish a trustworthy relationship with the patients has on the healthcare delivery, I have become resolute to cultivate this attribute. In this context, I trust that my portrayal of Dr. Wang’s practice will also motivate other current and future medical professionals to enhance their communication skills.