Consequentialism is a moral philosophy that determines whether something is correct or incorrect based on its consequences. The consequentialist perspective of euthanasia and physician-assisted suicide has always had opponents and advocates. While there are academics and researchers who believe that legalizing a given activity will be a supposed slippery slope, others argue that prohibiting it is a violation of fundamental rights and disregards human autonomy.
Support for independence and choice is frequently mentioned as a primary reason for legalizing physician-assisted suicide and euthanasia. However, Dickinson et al. assert that 80% of healthcare workers find the mentioned practice not ethically defensible (Dickinson et al., 2002). Meanwhile, several publications have argued that this is due to a misunderstanding of autonomy’s ethical significance (Sjöstrand et al., 2011). It has been alleged that if autonomy is correctly comprehended as a value, then assisted suicide and euthanasia are both unethical since they infringe upon the patient’s rights.
Sjöstran et al. examine the argument of autonomy by delving into the concept of its value. Starting with the current discourse in end-of-life healthcare, two separate perspectives of how autonomy is valued were explored. The scholars investigated one argument where euthanasia and PAS could be against the best interest of patients and a second argument where euthanasia implies a right to uphold autonomy (Sjöstrand et al., 2011). Consequently, Sjöstran et al. determined that neither line of argument can be employed since not all instances of PAS or euthanasia can be deemed acceptable, and the detrimental consequences outweigh these arguments.
Conversely, Weinstock perceives harm reduction without concentrating on other perspectives. The notion of harm reduction has expanded both horizontally to apply to a broader range of policy areas and vertically to become part of the official socioeconomic and regulatory debate (Weinstock, 2020). In his research, Weinstock mentions that deliberate harm reduction effectively incorporates some of the most attractive aspects of harm minimization and provides a credible way of reasoning for the justificatory principles and limitations of harm reduction (Weinstock, 2020). Weinstock emphasizes consequentialist concerns to manage and control the activity rather than go down the fruitless path of determining whose view is correct about the ethical implications of the behavior.
On the flip side, the final argument demonstrates that depending solely on consequences can violate individuals’ rights and freedoms. In Smith’s article, a slippery slope argument is taken into account. It is seen as fallacious because it disregards a course of action, despite a lack of evidence (Smith, 2005). PAS and euthanasia would be believed to create a chain reaction that will ultimately lead to an undesirable outcome. Smith argued that the slippery slope argument against PAS and euthanasia is completely consequentialist (Smith, 2005). Consequently, using it to justify the restriction of voluntary euthanasia involves failing to treat individuals who seek assistance in ending their lives as ends in themselves.
Therefore, the consequentialist argument that centers on euthanasia and physician-assisted suicide underscores the importance of the outcomes of the mentioned practice. On one side, the researchers found that the mentioned activity is a slippery slope and should be regulated and prohibited due to its adverse impact on society and the futility of ethical implications. On the other hand, others perceived this argument as unnecessary due to a violation of human autonomy and failure to respect their desires.