This document will present an evaluation of the article “COVID-19: Impact on Nurses and Nursing” by Fauteux (2021). The synopsis is expected to serve as the commencement of the article. It is a means to swiftly acquaint the reader with the outcomes of the study. In this paper, the synopsis is a concise summary of the subject that will be discussed. However, it lacks any details regarding the methodologies of the study or its findings. On this basis, such a synopsis cannot be deemed comprehensive.
The article’s start is already more expansive, providing a general summary of the subject. It imparts information that the era of coronavirus pandemic has influenced nursing. Furthermore, the start includes figures, which familiarize the reader with the topic in a concrete manner. From the start, I discovered the general aspects of COVID’s impact on nursing, encompassing increased fatality rates, alterations in work procedures, and heightened workload. This start can be viewed as extensive and satisfactory. The investigative approach of this article is qualitative in that an examination of a collection of studies draws empirical conclusions. These deductions pertain to the substantial modifications that have transpired in nursing and its essence. The investigation employs numerical data that has already been processed and offers a summary of information formerly scrutinized.
The outcome of the study is the recognition of the principal factors of transformation in nursing. These encompass the escalation of cooperation and creativity, the elimination of practice hindrances, the promotion of telehealth, and the heightened perils of exhaustion (Fauteux, 2021). I discovered the extent to which nursing has been impacted by the pandemic. I was predominantly intrigued by the increased hazard of nurse exhaustion due to excessive workload. I also became aware of the promotion of telehealth due to the pandemic, which was a revelation to me because the approach of the patients to their well-being appears to have significantly altered following the virus outbreak. This article is advantageous in comprehending how an entire segment of medical practice can transform under extreme circumstances.