The corporate plan entails the extension of healthcare establishments in sub-Saharan Africa. Unlike the usual medical services in the sector, the establishments would consist of medical records management staff and other statistical experts. The necessity for this extension into the open offices of sub-Sahara Africa can be elucidated by its growing business and investment opportunities for the specific region over the past decade (Omilola & Sanogo, 2020). High demand for a group of employees to move to the chosen destination can then be observed. Taking into account the political and economic value of each country, it would be optimal to initially organize the extension to the most developed and largest countries of the region. Consequently, the aimed countries comprise Kenya, Nigeria, and South Africa. Additionally, additional countries and sites can be suggested to ensure sufficient healthcare progress once the business relocation proves successful. The total number of supported relocating employees for all three countries should not exceed thirty per office to enable maximum productivity and financial coverage.
Personnel with different levels of experience and expertise will receive varying bonuses and pay adjustments. Nonetheless, it is crucial to establish general policies for all relocating workers. In that manner, the move must not jeopardize the employee’s prior health condition and lifestyle (Oyelere & Oyelere, 2021). Provisions like commissaries, banking, and currency exchange constitute a crucial part of the adjustment process and must thus be supplied by the company. The positioning of the offices would then be near the leading establishments essential for domestic purposes. Furthermore, the differing climate conditions are to be taken into consideration as well, necessitating both a medical examination before the move and setting up urgent-care stations reserved for emergencies. The health of medical professionals and other employees is a particularly significant aspect to plan due to the nature of the business sector.
The organization should set a deployment duration of one year to acquire the necessary data while also building the company’s expertise. Research has indicated a growing number of short-term relocations for problem-solving purposes (Pucik et al., 2017). This statistical discovery implied higher productivity and increased work efficiency in the instance of one-year assignments. As a result, families should weigh the drawbacks of traveling in favor of the company’s interests. It is feasible that some employees would not opt to move with their families for a brief period for apparent reasons; the move may be inconvenient. Moreover, while a one-year-long deployment is officially recommended, additional work months can be added in specific cases. For example, in the instance of the business objectives not being achieved or a new project arising.
As previously mentioned, the choice to relocate along with one’s family would be assessed by the employees themselves and funded accordingly by the organization. Depending on the composition of each family, including the number and ages of any children, specific arrangements would be required. Before organizing the details, each worker must fill out a form indicating the essential information on their moving family members (if any), including any children and their current level of education. One optimal option for incoming school children involves international schools, which would provide an environment of minimal cultural shock and language barriers. One school for all is recommended to ensure an organized arrangement of the employee’s children in the educational field.
Similar to the school grouping, housing the employees would have to be based in its compound of apartments. This decision allows for both safety precautions to be considered and a unified method of financial distribution. Since the planned assignment’s length does not exceed a year, the prospect of the employees selling their housing units is unlikely. Therefore, the suggested plan comprises selecting an apartment block in a safe environment near the school and the workplace. While the organization can compensate for the apartment rent, additional charges, such as water and electricity tariffs, are to be covered by the employees accordingly. The apartments would be similar to each other in terms of furniture and layout, while specific arrangements can be made for larger families. Essentially, communicating the main points and key details of housing plans with the employees before official relocation statements is a vital step to ensure their satisfaction with the level of organization. On the other hand, company managers must be aware of the required conditions to calculate the costs and optimal solutions for the business corporation.
Finally, the corporate plan must adhere to the company guidelines while ensuring minimal employee stress due to the relocation. Indeed, the main goals of the business plan must be attained to enhance the healthcare sector of several sub-Saharan African countries. In that manner, the company’s global impact will also increase in direct proportion to the efficiency of its employees. While funding the workers’ primary traveling and family expenses, a safe and shared environment can be provided. Ultimately, the one-year assignment length ensures the mentioned goals are reached while demonstrating the organization’s advantageous mobility.