Criminalistics is one of the most substantial penal justice domains characterized as an interdisciplinary domain founded on the principles of sociology, psychology, politics, statistics, and economics. Criminalists’ activities include gathering and scrutinizing data of committed offenses to study the nature of offenses and lawbreakers and identify factors that influence lawbreakers’ motives. Through exploring lawbreakers’ backgrounds and crime data, criminalists find patterns and determine common traits and behavior of lawbreakers, common causes of offenses and lawbreakers’ motivations. The vital role of criminalists in penal justice has a preventative character. The studies conducted by criminalists aim to decrease offenses by identifying and eliminating factors that influence the human tendency to commit an offense. Therefore, the role of criminalists in the justice field is significant as it presents knowledge about lawbreakers’ motivation and effective punishment methods that could be used to rectify lawbreakers’ deviant behavior.
Additionally, as there are many instances of criminal behavior, there are dozens of different criminalistic theories and paradigms. According to Coomber et al. (2019), most criminalistics theories are focused on street crime. In addition to street crimes being a part of urban life that presents a significant threat to public safety, street crime rates are influenced by the street environment. For example, the research conducted by Zeng et al. (2021) determined that street environmental factors such as the frequency of street use and the presence of escape paths significantly affect the number of robberies. Thus, besides analyzing the lawbreakers’ background, criminalists also explore other factors influencing crime rates.
Furthermore, more precise criminalistics research results could be achieved by carefully choosing the correct method for crime data analysis. In general, effective research methods used in criminalistics are case studies, clinical studies, and statistical data analysis. Case studies focus on individual crime or several similar crimes to compare the data and extract valuable information. Case studies are very effective as a method of criminalistics research, as they provide the most accurate information; however, case studies are expensive and require significant resources. On the other hand, the clinical method is effective when lawbreakers express mental health disorders; the data is collected through an interview with a psychologist. Next, the information from research conducted through analysis of statistical data of offenses as a mass phenomenon could effectively be used by the government to protect the population.
There are many other common methods in criminalistics that are less effective or accurate. One of them is the comparative method that focuses on exploring the connections between two objects. For example, the research on the connection between the number of undocumented immigrants and immigrant crimes conducted by Adelman et al. (2021) determined that, on average, immigration has no impact on the crime rate. Therefore, even though the comparison method is commonly used in criminalistics, the results of its use could have little significant information and present no potential for effective protection of the population.
Furthermore, many important details and valuable information are missing due to the high number of unreported offenses. For example, in examining the citizen responses to the sound of gunfire, Huebner et al. (2020) determined that in communities prevailed by Black residents, there is a lower chance that the residents will call 911. Therefore, accurately measuring crime data is essential to providing valuable information about the current situation with criminal activity and its trends. Moreover, penal justice system reports and subsequent reforms are based on the available crime data. The possible case in which crime rates are inaccurately measured presents a threat to the population’s safety and reduced policies quality.