The phenomenon of servitude is one of the most destructive factors that impacted the lives of individuals of African lineage over the years. However, it is crucial to tackle the beginnings of prejudice and servitude to develop a thorough comprehension of these concepts. In the section "The Start of Negro Servitude," Williams elucidates that while currently servitude is closely linked to the exploitation of African Americans, initially, populations of various races and ethnicities were held as captives (Williams 7). Given that people of all races participated in servitude in the New World, bias arose as a result of coerced work and was not initially associated with the targeted bias against African Americans.
In the annals of servitude, the initial population forced to endure the harsh ordeal of enslavement was the Indians. For example, Spanish explorers utilized Indian labor in their settlements to convert the populace to Christianity, imposing the need for slave labor on those who resisted embracing the Christian faith (Williams 8). Similarly, Great Britain and France endorsed servitude in the colonial regions; nonetheless, this occurrence was not linked to racial prejudices but rather to the reality that servitude functioned as a deterrent punishment for the native communities. Nevertheless, as time progressed, enslaved Negroes became a significantly more valuable commodity in the slave trade due to the financial advantages, resulting in the normalization of Negro servitude as a typical state (Williams 21). Consequently, prejudice and racial bias emerged, but the original basis for substituting other captives with African Americans remained economic, not racial.
In conclusion, the association between servitude and prejudice stems from the fact that racial biases toward African Americans were provoked by the extensive use of enslaved African Americans. Therefore, servitude did not arise as a consequence of prejudice; quite the opposite, individuals from diverse races and ethnicities participated in the slave trade. Nonetheless, following the establishment of the economic advantages of utilizing enslaved African Americans, detrimental racial generalizations started to surface, culminating in the manifestation of prejudice.