The sole approach to deal with life's everyday complexities is by controlling your mind. In that, whatever you are doing, think about a situation, or whichever action you want to undertake, all are determined by the excellence of your thinking. Analytical thinking helps one gain authority over their life, handle life's challenging situations, and make rational decisions for the matter. Therefore, before acting on any decision made, it is crucial to think critically about the situation at hand and assess the best solution to apply. Thus, this article will utilize the critical thinking steps in my personal experience detailing what I will do at various stages to address the problem and make a decision. Before reaching the final carefully considered decision, I will follow through each of the stages of critical thinking to arrive at a sound decision. According to Medeiros et. (2019), the steps of critical thinking are; recognizing the problem, disconnecting from emotional involvement, and determining solution criteria. They also involve collecting and assessing information, considering personal values and beliefs, and selecting and evaluating the solution.
On recognizing the problem, I will examine the gap that exists in my family. Many times I overreact when a small dispute or rather a disagreement arises and therefore, I do not relate well with my mother since such an incident occurred ten years ago. I am confident she cannot stand me either though I have reformed and would like to visit my childhood home someday. Similarly, having separated from my children's mother, the children were impacted by the separation and are not performing well in school. Consequently, after a thorough assessment, I chose to move into my childhood home after my mother passed away and relocate my children to another school.
After a series of counseling sessions, I have acknowledged that healthy regulation of my emotions is crucial. This is because it allows me to engage more effectively in critical thinking before leaping to unclear conclusions or overreacting. Similarly, detaching from negative emotional attitudes will enable me to foster a better relationship with my family as they have always viewed me as problematic and stubborn. The criteria I will use to ascertain solutions is outlining positive resolutions that will assist me in determining whether the decision made is appropriate.
Throughout the years, since falling out with my mother and my children's mother, counseling has educated me a lot about upholding my values and beliefs as I have applied them in my day-to-day life. In my decision, some of the beliefs I have are that the Bible preaches forgiveness and resolves issues the Christian way. The values essential in my decision are bravery and perseverance as it is not simple considering that my childhood home will always remind me of my mother. Similarly, my children will have to start anew in the new school. With all that transpired between me and my mother and her being on the death bed, I acknowledge her imminent death and the solution that emerges is relocating back to my childhood home. Nonetheless, the anticipated consequence of the solution is to devise a method to ponder on my past while reassessing the decisions I made back then and starting afresh, hence, this decision will bring me closure. The children will have a fresh start and hence enhance academically and the proximity will facilitate easier follow-up.