Appraisals of Syllabus
Evaluation of syllabus is a natural and crucial component of instruction, as it enables to assess the progress that has been made in education. It can be described as a technique that is used to comprehend the current knowledge that a student possesses (Dikli, 2003). Evaluation has always been a debatable issue due to various aspects of impartiality, variety of learning styles, and administrative matters, among others. Nonetheless, conventional evaluations are typically exams and instruments that are widely used in academic environments. Some of the most popular exams are multiple-choice exams, true/false, short-response, and occasionally even compositions. These are categorized under what is commonly referred to as standardized testing, aimed at objectively examining whether a student holds knowledge of the syllabus. With the same or similar exams administered to everyone in a population (classroom, grade, school), the traditional evaluations of syllabus offer an insight into the general effectiveness of instructional methods. There are specific advantages to traditional evaluations, they are simple to develop, execute, and grade (often via machines), they are graded objectively offering an impression of ‘fairness’ and they are most frequently linked with evaluation in public perception (Dikli, 2003). This method of assessment is influenced by the scientific, modernist approach, with clearly defined objectives and precise indicators that students have accomplished the intended objectives (Ornstein & Hunkins, 2018).
Substitute evaluations are also known as performance tests or authentic evaluations. They are commonly aimed at determining what a student can do rather than what they know, measuring proficiency rather than raw knowledge, known as action strategies (Petre, 2017). Some illustrations of this can include projects, collections, and other methods that allow the student individually or as a group to demonstrate their skills, and most often their knowledge simultaneously. The benefits of substitute evaluations include being able to assess valuable skills, realistic and applicable skill application, can always be aligned with learning outcomes, and typically provide more individual approaches to evaluating students (BYU Center for Teaching and Learning, n.d.). The humanistic, post-modernist approach is most suitable for substitute evaluations, as these seek to identify whether the student has been enabled to comprehend and enhance self-concepts. To this viewpoint, accomplishments matter less, but rather the quest for knowledge and truth, as the student acquires the skills necessary to explore the world, engage, analyze, and communicate (Ornstein & Hunkins, 2018).
Responsibilities in Assessment
In my context, educators play the role of instructors who provide knowledge of the syllabus to the students, and then the facilitators of the evaluation exams (most often standardized) based on the program learning outcomes. Educators generally have little to no input on what is included in the main syllabus, and then, for the major exams, educator performance as professionals is essentially evaluated by the results of these exams. Therefore, to uphold good standing as educators and employees, many educators are compelled to resort to preparing students on taking the standardized exam and memorizing facts rather than acquiring and applying the knowledge (Robelen, 2018). I would argue that educators should be engaged in all stages of the evaluation process from beginning to end. It is especially crucial for educators to create evaluations that are most suitable for their subject, students, and age group, among other factors. By creating suitable evaluations, educators can then assess students comprehensively and determine holistically the weak and strong aspects of their educational strategies and what modifications can be made for maximum effectiveness.