It was truly surprising to read Gerai’s narrative about the Dayak community, as it appears to depict an almost idealistic perspective on sex and gender. In contrast to Western viewpoints that aim to differentiate between the two genders, and elevate one at the cost of the other in some aspects, the Dayak acknowledge the distinctions but regard them as an advantage. Perusing the narrative, it almost appeared as if the culture advocates for the empowerment of both genders based on the attributes that define them (i.e., male robustness, female tenacity). These positives are then merged to contribute to the welfare of society as well as personal relationships in a nearly egalitarian standpoint.

It is challenging to believe, although remarkably reassuring to realize that there are cultures like this. Regrettably, most developed societies have the culture of intense gender conflicts, and the traits of the gender are linked to adverse aspects, as Gerai highlights, male robustness is associated with aggression. I believe it is accurate to point out that it is a matter of principles, the values that are instilled by society are the ones that individuals would demonstrate. Western society esteems hypermasculinity and aggression as definitions of males, demonstrated through the genitalia and abusive behaviors such as sexual dominance, assault or rape – thus, the culture evolves around this, straying far from the egalitarianism and harmony of the Dayak.

As surprising as that viewpoint may be, I concur that it accurately mirrors the societal element that has been conventionally crafted around rape for centuries. As previously mentioned, rape is frequently linked to innate biology, while in truth, it reflects more the concepts of society. I think this viewpoint delves into both, it underscores the innate attributes of the genders (potency for men, femininity for women) while spotlighting its societal aspects (men are admired, women are seen as exploited and shattered). It can be argued that it is ingrained within our society, as there are particular connotations and stereotypes associated with sexual violence. For instance, in a UK study, the term victim was associated with passive femininity. The feminization hypothesis holds true when it comes to rape, as victims, who are most often women (but can be men) are ascribed feminine traits and faced with greater judgment (men would no longer be regarded as men). Meanwhile, the accused of perpetrating the rape is attributed trait dimensions of prescriptive masculinity.