In a restricted sense, the “zero-sum tale” is a conviction that there is a rivalry between racial groups, and any advancement for one group poses a threat to the resources and position of another (McGhee). This narrative is the prevailing model for conservative media and has been narrated in various forms for years. The adverse effects of the “zero-sum” model on the United States are extensive and varied. This mentality generated additional economic, political, and social expenses for all citizens of the United States. One of the notable instances illustrated by McGhee is the history of public swimming pools in cities throughout the US. At the onset of the 20th century, there were extensive public swimming pools in numerous US cities, yet at that time “public” primarily denoted “white only” pools. Following numerous drowning incidents, local municipalities were directed to open the pools for all individuals irrespective of their race, which instigated a backlash from the white inhabitants. Consequently, cities opted to shut down or privatize the public facilities instead of permitting individuals of different races to utilize them freely. This is an illustration of the degradation of public goods and a substantial cost escalation for the entire population due to the “zero-sum” mindset.
Another unfavorable instance demonstrated by McGhee is political in nature – many white individuals ceased advocating for social governmental policies regarding employment and social advantages after the Black community embraced the agenda. Ultimately, this translates to reduced social justice and social benefits for the entire nation because the proponents of the “zero-sum” model do not desire other races to gain from these policies. The arguments presented by McGhee seem rational and impartial to me – they delineate the past and current state of affairs in the United States effectively. The primary reason I endorse this view is the factual and statistical backing of her stance – it is exceedingly challenging to dispute that the US faces substantial social and economic challenges due to racism.