Small enterprise is the most vital component of a market economy, without which the state cannot develop harmoniously. Small enterprise largely determines the pace of economic growth, the structure, and quality of the gross national product, so the role of small enterprise in society cannot be underestimated. The enterprise strives to become a social and manageable process by creating and disseminating value and opportunities for exchange (Branham, 2014). It compels social groups to acquire what they need and desire, shaping a positive image of this process. Depending on the specialization of a small company, the emphasis on production varies. For instance, the value for food truck consumers is that sellers establish a unique menu to enhance profits based on an analysis of customer needs.
One of the most crucial benefits is mobility, which enables you to be accessible almost anytime, anywhere. Unlike other catering establishments, entrepreneurs do not need to attract visitors; the food truck can come to them. In one day, a food truck can visit several city areas, and feed thousands of residents there. Another advantage is that you do not have to pay for the premises’ rent; it is adequate to purchase a van or trailer car.
The primary issue is the problem of the unregulated legal field for the placement of mobile objects in the urban environment today. Additionally, this kind of business is not steady in terms of earnings, as it greatly depends on the season, as well as the location of the restaurant. The challenge is also brought about by the fact that, in accordance with the laws, product quality checks and working conditions of mobile restaurants are no different from typical ones.
Entrepreneurs possess various characteristics that set them apart from the general population. Entrepreneurs are a category of risk-takers who are inclined to ambiguity and uncertainty. They also enjoy independence, enhanced quality of life, and inner contentment from managing their organizations. The aspiration of an entrepreneur to become independent and work for himself fosters his development, which is also oriented toward consumers.
The form of entrepreneurship presented in the video is franchising, as there is an ECDI organization where start-up individuals in business receive assistance from a non-profit organization. The franchisor aids start-up businesses with marketing, social media, and food safety ( ABC News , 2013). It also establishes contact and locates places to conduct its operations. ECDI finds secure parking, electrical connections, grease removal, and industrial sinks for Dan and Steve, so entrepreneurs do not overspend.
To further achieve successful growth of entrepreneurship, collaborations with other entrepreneurs can be cultivated. One method to enhance the number of customers can be a joint venture with a certain bar or restaurant. For instance, a food truck that offers savory snacks, such as fried sausages with french fries, will be beneficial for a bar that does not serve food but only drinks. The food truck owner specializing in the preparation and sale of ice cream, cakes, and pancakes should find a restaurant or cafe that does not offer desserts on the menu. It is also essential to bear in mind the gradual expansion of business and not give up if things progress rapidly. Some entrepreneurs attempt to expand too swiftly or prematurely by launching a new office or opening multiple sites in different geographic locations. Insufficient funds and heavy dependence on debt financing ruin many small start-ups.