One is observing the news or perusing the latest article from Forbes, and you see the terms “business” and “economics” used interchangeably; one may ponder about the distinctions. Business and economics are akin in that they are complements to each other, both dealing with the process of generating products and services and vending them to produce output. These are disciplines that are closely linked and encompass a variety of shared subtopics, such as enterprises, marketing, finance, manufacturing, and banking. Both are social sciences that concentrate on financial measurement and analysis, focusing on variables that influence the market and also concentrate on short- and long-term projections, as well as the internal workings of various industries. Lastly, both business and economics tend to focus on various issues facing the nation, its citizens, government, and private enterprises (Vaidya). However, there are some distinctions between economics and business, which are rooted in their conceptual purpose.
Economics is a study emphasizing understanding human behavior and, in turn, how that mirrors on the broader economic aspects of entire nations. Meanwhile, business is targeted at studying the process of the exchange of goods and money specifically, and all the associated elements starting from production to the final sale, and how a specific enterprise fulfills this process. It can be contended that business is a subset of economics, as the human behavior in that exchange of goods is a focal point (Casson). A significant difference lies in concepts, economics deals with theories and broad elements of the economy, such as supply and demand, interest rate, and international trade. While these undeniably impact business, both individual entities and as a field of study, business concentrates on the process of wealth creation within the context of the economy and typically applies practical theories.
Economics concentrates on and endeavors to maximize the welfare of society, while business is focused on its shareholders. Both encounter different challenges, with economics encompassing poverty, unemployment, taxation, and federal expenditure, while business concentrates on product positioning and differentiation, marketing, growth or lack thereof of profitability, and individual or industry performance (Gitman et al.). While business and economics share many similarities, their conceptual and practical differences make them distinct sciences.