Synopsis
The investigation entailed determining the contrast between males and females regarding body image worries. The study was crafted to resolve the constraints of prior researchers. In the current study, it was proposed that males scored higher on DMS and females on BSQS. The investigation also confirmed connections between manliness or femininity and desire for muscularity or body shape concerns and examining if manliness correlated with a desire for muscularity. It was suggested that DFM and manliness exhibited a positive correlation as explained by previous research to grasp this connection. The study encompassed 700 participants from Princeton University who finished survey questionnaires. 64% of the participants were females, and 36% were males allowed to finish various measures such as the DMS, BSQ, and BSRI for a personality trait. The study employed ANOVA and correlation to scrutinize data, and the outcomes revealed that males recorded higher on DMS, while females indicated higher scores on BSQS.

Background
Research on gender disparities in body image worries and their outcomes solely leaned on the adiposity viewpoint. Consequently, there has been the belief that males are less discontented or worried about their inclination of body fat than females who are less inclined to diet to shed weight (McCreary et al., 2005). DMS and gender role measures displayed males with notably higher personality traits and the desire for muscularity in the previous study. In contrast to females who exhibited significant communal traits and behaved in a more female-typed manner. In determining the extent for predicting the desire for muscularity, males scored higher on the DMS than females on controlling gender behaviors (Gattario et al., 2015). Hence, higher levels of male gender roles were closely linked to the wish to become muscular. Feminity was not linked with the desire for muscularity as there was a lack of interrelation amid feminine-typed behaviors and traits and DMS scores (McCreary et al., 2005). Another discovery indicated that both males and females displayed a similar association between gender-typed behaviors and traits and the desire for muscularity.

Similarly, males with more traditional attitudes aspired to become more muscular. Males desiring to be muscular encountered conflict about societal expectations, as they desired to be competitive, powerful, and successful (Radwan et al., 2019). Previous research had constraints such that the research encompassed was correlational, which determined only significant relationships’ direction and presence. Another constraint was that the study samples were restricted based on ethnicity and age. Hence, the current study was devised to address the constraints of McCreary et al. (2005). The study explores the direction of causality in the interrelations amid masculinity perceptions and desire for muscularity and employs different populations and measures. A prior study contacted by McCreary et al. (2005) employed BSQ for body image measure and desire for muscularity scale (DMS) and BSQS. However, the current study employs measures geared toward body fat and muscularity. Based on gender personality measures, BSRI is utilized to explore different aspects of gender role socialization.

The research questions for the current study involve determining if there is a difference between males and females in body image amid concern with muscle mass and body fat or shape. The hypothesis for this research question predicted that males would score higher on DMS and females higher on BSQS, as found by McCreary’s theory and research findings. The second research question involved determining the relationships between masculinity/femininity and desire for muscularity/body shape concerns and understanding if masculinity correlated with a desire for muscularity. Based on this research question, it was hypothesized that there would be a positive correlation between masculinity and desire for muscularity (DFM), as stated in the theory and prior research. For DFM and FEM, McCreary theorized a relationship but did not find it. Hence, the current study aims to replicate and confirm or disprove original findings and investigate correlations for BSQS.

Methods
Participants
A total of 700 participants completed surveys, of which 64% were females, and 36% were males. The participants’ age range was between 18 to 35 years with a mean age of 20.8 years, men SD = 3.2 while women SD = 2.5, and only 2.3% of the participants were older than 24 years. Most of the participants were European American, accounting for 90%, working-class was 65%, middle-class 17%, upper-middle-class 15%, and upper class 3%. The majority of participants were individuals who were employed in their professionals. Out of the total participants, 78 were lesbian, 79 bisexual, and 176 heterosexual.

Procedure
The investigation was conducted at Princeton University, containing a large student and staff population. Relevant research authorities in the college approved the study, and all participating research students were permitted to research body image concerns. For participants to be recruited into the research process, they must fulfill the exclusion and inclusion criteria. A survey was used to collect data where each participant was given Likert-questionnaires to complete that included questions about personality traits and demographics. Participants were allowed to complete all the DMS, BSQ, and BSRI, after which the collected data was analyzed to ascertain each trait. Informed consent for the investigation involved assessing the ability of participants to comprehend and present relevant research information and make a voluntary decision. Filled informed consent was documented and included in the research record.

Every participant completed DMS that measured their desire for a muscular body. The item on this scale presented behaviors and attitudes, and no reverse coding was performed. Sample items entailed participants wishing to be muscular and feeling guilty for missing training sessions. All the participants answered similar survey questionnaires administered with various self-report instruments as part of the research. The questionnaires were conducted voluntarily, and the participants were invited to answer the questions. Participants were allowed to fill out consent forms willingly without manipulation after being told what the research entails, including its benefit.

Measures
  * Survey. A survey was performed by asking participants about their opinion on their body shape, including rating themselves on a 6-point Likert scale, with 60 traits related to personality. In addition, a question on the participant’s background and personal demographics was included. The participants were not required to put their names on the survey, and all responses were kept with high confidentiality and anonymity. The survey questions were to be answered freely by the participants without penalizing those who submitted an incomplete survey.
  * Drive for Muscularity Scale (DMS). DMS is a 15-item measure of the degree to which individuals desire to have a more muscular body. Each item on the DMS represents a combination of behaviors and attitudes scored on a 6-point scale ranging from 1, which implies ”very much like me” to 6, which indicates ”not at all like me.” There is good construct validity with DMS about-face, discriminant, and convergent validity. The Cronbach’s alphas for men are.91 and women’s.83.
  * Body Shape Questionnaire Scale (BSQS). BSQS is a 34-item questionnaire that measures how people feel about their body shape. BSQ is scored on a 1-6 scale (with 1=Never and 6=Always), with some of the items being calculated