Gendered conduct signifies core manifestations of gender upbringing and identification through an individual’s diverse developmental stages. Therefore, gendered conduct pertains to the manners in which individuals act based on their corresponding masculine or feminine genders (Au & Rudolfsdottir, 2021). One of the notable gendered behaviors ingrained in me during youth was that females are the primary chefs in the household. Consequently, from childhood, I acquired knowledge on how to cook meals for the family, unlike most male family members. Even cinematic productions predominantly portrayed females as the chefs at home. Perhaps the gendered duty that I promptly embraced from childhood was the notion that females are innate nurturers. The role depicted females as honorable individuals who take into account others’ difficulties at home and in society and persistently strive to alleviate distress. Females are affectionate, supportive, and compassionate. Consequently, many associated professions that necessitate compassion such as nursing and teaching with the female sphere. The concept that females are more humane and compassionate resonated with me and led me to embrace the responsibility. In my viewpoint, the role acknowledged what many would choose to overlook: females play crucial roles in upholding sanity in the world. For me, the role signified that females could fulfill essential functions in curbing the prevalence of oppression, suffering, and brutality apparent even from childhood. Therefore, the notion that females are more compassionate and inherently nurturing appealed to me as it positioned the gender on a loftier platform. Despite the perceived dignity of the gendered role that females are more nurturing and caring, specific adverse repercussions surfaced concerning work prospects, as previously accentuated. In numerous aspects, many subsequently deemed females unsuitable for particular job designations like flying aircraft, engineering, and physicians, which were more lucrative (Samidha, 2019). Conversely, societies confined females to disciplines like nursing and teaching. Most patients assume female caregivers to be nurses rather than doctors in healthcare facilities. Thus, the role may lead to conflicts when contemplating career prospects.