Electronic nicotine distribution systems cause the same damage to the human body as other tobacco items. Moreover, polyhydric alcohol solvents terminate cell membranes. All of this can result in severe illnesses. If the primary harmful consequence of traditional cigarettes arises from tar and combustion products, here it emerges from solvents (Dinardo & Rome, 2019; National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA/NIH), 2018). It is significant harm to health, so insidious because not only the membranes and cells of the lungs are dissolved, but also the brain and heart.
In 2019, the debate about the adverse influence of vaping on health heightened in the United States. In August of that year, the Illinois Department of Public Health disclosed what was believed to be the first fatality in the country due to a severe respiratory illness named EVALI. This abbreviation denotes lung damage linked with the use of e-cigarettes or vaping products. By the close of the year, physicians were already discussing nearly forty deceased (Irusa et al., 2020). Altogether, the nation’s authorities have confirmed several thousand instances of such conditions. The age of the deceased varies from 17 to 75 years.
Hence, e-cigarettes must be under regulations overseeing the sale and distribution of traditional tobacco items. Providing them to young individuals is risky for the aforementioned reasons. The lack of tar and an unpleasant scent is the only external contrasts between a regular cigarette and a vape, whereas essentially, all the harm is enclosed within the composition of the products themselves and the inhaled vapor (Kennedy et al., 2022). Sales should further be limited in specific scenarios to individuals over the age of 18. As smoking can influence the lungs and some other persistent ailments, the detriment to health is already confirmed and obvious. At the legislative level, it is advised that individuals should be allowed to purchase a vape only if, following a medical examination, the physician concludes based on which the hazards of sickness from vaping will be reduced. According to the certificates, electronic cigarettes will be marketed, diminishing their consumption.