In contrasting and comparing the two epidemic scenarios, Typhoid and COVID-19 virus, the two personalities, Typhoid Mary and Novak Djokovic, were both reported to be exposed to the aforementioned diseases. In an effort to promptly address the public health issue of the two victims, the public health agencies carried out their concise investigations. In both instances, an examination was conducted on two individuals. The exposure and consequences of typhoid and coronavirus had taken place in the inspection, and a retrospective cohort study was utilized in both instances (CareerOneStop, 2017). The distinction, in this situation, is that Mary was infected with typhoid while Novak contracted the coronavirus, and also Mary was a carrier, but Novak was not.
As per the two articles, the inquiries of the illnesses were undertaken in clusters, such as families. The tennis title-holder, Djokovic, had become the fourth competitor to test positive for COVID-19, while Mary had tested positive for typhoid (Natesan, 2020). In Mary’s instance, one could observe the affluent family of the banker Charles, including one of his daughters and his spouse, where Mary served as a chef, contracting typhoid fever. Djokovic’s spouse was also verified to be positive for coronavirus, akin to Mary’s scenario, where numerous of her colleagues had tested positive. Thus, the likeness here is that, in both occurrences, the families of these victims were impacted as a consequence. Furthermore, for Novak, three other tennis players engaging in the contests at Adria tour had already tested positive for COVID-19. In Mary’s scenario, when she worked for the Warrens, two house-keepers and a gardener were affected with typhoid (Weird History, 2020). Hence, the primary concern in both situations is that families, friends, and colleagues of both victims had been infected with the illnesses COVID-19 and typhoid.
How Far We Have Come in 100 Years
For the preceding 100 years, the typhoid inoculation has been formulated. Surveillance, epidemiology, and laboratory operations are also accessible and prepared. Additionally, there are medical counter-measures and healthcare system readiness to manage epidemics. Over the previous century, there has been extended global surveillance and reagent distribution for flu (Natesan, 2020). The most recent care suggestions and pandemic particulars should be updated and circulated to all healthcare providers when necessary. Lastly, personnel must personally monitor their symptoms and alert the team leader if they or their family members encounter any indications.