The notions of home violence and maltreatment pertain to mentally or physically aggressive conduct of one family member towards another. This hostility could manifest as hitting, assault, yelling, and degradation. Regrettably, in the contemporary world, these are usual occurrences. According to data presented by Huecker et al. (2021), 10 million Americans annually endure violence and maltreatment. The sufferers of home violence and maltreatment sense despondent and powerless, and their self-worth is also exceedingly low.
Dread of the assailant might compel a sufferer to remain silent about the ordeal of being mistreated. Nonetheless, there are indicators through which a caregiver could suspect home violence, child maltreatment, or elder maltreatment. If a woman appears at the emergency department with bruises or fractures that do not align with her claim of slipping on the wet floor, a nurse could suspect that her partner assaults her. Moreover, sufferers are highly likely to be despondent and anxious even though they might attempt to conceal these feelings (Lloyd, 2018). A caregiver has a cause to be worried about child maltreatment if a young patient is undernourished without a valid reason and is fearful of other adults. Additionally, a child might become greatly frightened by a loud noise or sudden motion.
Concerning older adults, a nurse could suspect maltreatment if they have bruises, shattered spectacles, or walking cane, exhibit signs of despondency, and neglect to take medications properly. Another red flag is the rejection of a caretaker to leave an older individual alone with a nurse. Certainly, caretakers might not be ready to depart in certain instances because they are concerned about missing information on an older adult's health. Nevertheless, a firm refusal to comply with the requests of the medical staff and negotiate is an unfavorable sign.
In every healthcare facility, a nurse who observes the indicators of maltreatment and home violence must notify the relevant authorities. More precisely, in the instance of child maltreatment, medical personnel contacts social services via hotlines or a written declaration. The incident of elder maltreatment should be communicated to the organizations on adult protective services. Ultimately, a nurse should alert the local law enforcement about the instance of home violence. Nevertheless, before alerting the related authorities, a nurse should deliberate on the case with a physician or a nurse practitioner and assess the patient without the potential abuser in the room.