Synopsis
In this examination document, substance abuse will be scrutinized as the sole form of personal dependency to facilitate the scrutiny process and provide consistent study-level therapy recommendations. Initially, many researchers define the concept of substance abuse differently. On one side, the term 'substance abuse is precisely characterized by NIDA (1) as "identified by intense and, sometimes, uncontrollable substance craving, along with obsessive substance seeking and usage that persist even in the presence of devastating consequences (2020). Conversely, Liu and Li (1823) define substance abuse as "a complex disorder that entails intricate neural mechanisms and psychological processes; this mental disorder is treatable and may be curable by therapies such as gene modulation in the future" (2018). Consequently, one may observe researchers defining the concept from various scientific standpoints by emphasizing some of the facets of substance abuse ailment. Statistically, the most prevalent substance utilization was observed for marijuana (3,8%) among individuals from 15 to 64 years old, stimulants (0,77%), narcotics (0,37%), and cocaine (0,35%) (Peacock et al., 1909). Based on this information, it is vital to acknowledge that substance abuse is a widespread and intricate ailment that might impact different aspects of individuals' operational capacities.
More specifically, substance dependency is a mental disorder heavily influenced by surroundings and psychosocial factors. The psychosocial environments at which juncture it has evolved provoke numerous disputes nationwide (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Exposure to scrutinized suggestions can be a primary issue in triggering substance cravings and relapses. Even following a successful therapy, they should be minimized accordingly. As with many other mental ailments, substance inclination is deeply influenced by emotion, knowledge, and cognition (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Apart from medical interventions, behavioral actions are more promising for combating substance abuse. To some degree, non-pharmacological situations grant permission and have greater advantages by way of their limited aftereffects.
Despite the numerous reasons for acquiring substance abuse after substance misuse, there are no specific factors that can determine if one will develop compulsive inclinations to substances. Furthermore, a combination of determinants influences susceptibility to inclination (Kumar et al., 2019). Alterations in the intellect that support physical and emotional reliance on extraordinary substances are the direct cause of dependency, but those alterations do not occur accidentally. Consequently, the individual might possess a certain factor of influence that becomes hazardous in case of direct contact. For example, this might be a close individual with strictly adverse exposure to the treated individual.
Concerning the primary distinctions between substance abuse and other dependency categories, it is crucial to comprehend that they have nearly the same symptoms and short-term impacts on the brain but significantly differ in the long-term outlook. More specifically, Lindesmith (4) states that "While alcohol is addictive in roughly the same manner that heroin is, it will also be referenced only tangentially" (2017). Consequently, marijuana is unlike heroin or morphine addiction, and alcohol is not covered by anti-narcotic legislation, but it shares many characteristics with opiate addiction.
As a result, substance abuse campaigns might inadvertently not be focused on decreasing the rate of addicted individuals in the US. Instead, the substance-addicted become ostracized from society, which creates a distinct group of individuals that are united by the same circumstance (Cheron & Kerchove D’Exaerde, 2021). Some theoretical applications also provide evidence that substance abuse is usually associated with overall depression, while in other dependency categories, such as alcohol or sexual addiction, individuals activate themselves, which may even entail some risky consequences (Zou et al., 2017). The entire relocation of amusement affecting the mind so as to produce vivid visions entities from individuals is both impractical and hopeless. There has never in history existed a drug-free society, and it is improbable that there always will be one. In spite of this reality, law enforcement faces the daunting task of executing activity restrictions related to sports drug-use policies that emphasize moderation.
Another crucial facet of substance abuse therapy is the accurate medication process. In reality, medication might be considered a routine vaccination since it is focused on administering a small dose of the same substance that causes addiction, but in medically calculated quantities so that the body might adapt to the new regimen of this substance consumption. For instance, renowned psychologist Freud believed that cocaine would help his acquaintance to overcome significant addiction to morphine. This endeavor was abandoned, and eventually, von Fleischl-Marxov withered from cocaine addiction (Loose, 2018). However, presently, most medical professionals in the US can accurately calculate the necessary dose for a proper medication so that the likelihood of developing additional substance addiction is extremely low.
Finally, with regards to therapy options, substance abuse treatment depends on the type and extent of the patient's issues and needs. Research indicates that most compulsive individuals need at least three months of therapy to substantially reduce their dependence on the illicit substance and that optimal outcomes accompany lengthier durations of the intervention (NIDA, 2020). Rehabilitation from substance cravings is an ongoing process and frequently requires varied episodes of care. Similar to other chronic illnesses, relapses to dependency on illicit substances can occur and signal the need for the intervention to be reinstated or adjusted. In reality, therapy evolves consistently based on the type of substance and the traits of the individuals (NIDA, 2020). Tailoring background, interventions, and supports to an individual's specific concerns and needs enhances his or her best interests in responding to functional familial, societal, and communal roles.
Recovery Blueprint
Logistics
In the event of group counseling, all the patients will undergo both general and specialized treatment processes depending on their physical and psychological well-being. As one of the primary psychological remedies, a group would engage in behavioral therapies that would be prescribed during the initial consultation. In reality, treatments with a behavioral emphasis may address a patient's motivation to change, provide support for abstinence, enhance skills to resist substance abuse, replace substance-using activities with more constructive and fulfilling activities, and enhance interpersonal relationships (NIDA, 2020). Nonetheless, patients should primarily receive a medical treatment regimen. Specifically, they will receive a personalized list of special medications that would aid in alleviating the addiction effects. Gradually, in conjunction with consistent guidance from counselors, patients will uncover the potential for psychologists to address the addiction from a mental health standpoint comprehensively. Some mental disorders might be intertwined with substance abuse. Therefore, medical professionals should be vigilant regarding patient interaction dynamics and psychological exposure to the treatment process. Ultimately, participation in peer support programs during and after treatment can assist in sustaining abstinence.
Regarding the individual counseling process, the patient should have a designated medical professional specializing in substance abuse treatment. Initially, the patient would attend nearly three general consultations where a medical professional would delineate the key characteristics of current addiction (Grenfell & Hart, 2018). Subsequently, the individual would certainly follow a prescribed medical regimen to address substance addiction physiologically. Concurrently, the patient should undergo regular medication sessions. Specifically, medications play a pivotal role in the treatment for many instances, particularly when combined with accompanying counseling and various behavioral therapies. For example, methadone, buprenorphine, and