Depicting the existences of divinities and illustrating connections among them, along with their engagements with humans, both “Iliad” and “Metamorphosis” elaborate on the subject of authority misuse by those in charge. In “Iliad,” Agamemnon must confront retaliation because of his continual misuse of authority: “be ready, that I be not left,/Alone of all the Greeks, without my prize” (Homer, 762 B. C.). Similarly, in “Metamorphosis,” various gods exhibit utter disrespect for those of inferior authority: “What had escaped the waves, now feared the flame” (Ovid, 8 B.C.). Nonetheless, unlike the “Iliad,” “Metamorphosis” seldom shows the repercussions that gods encounter for their disregard of mortals’ necessities (Homer, 762 B. C.; Ovid, 8 B. C.). Therefore, while thematically alike, “Iliad” and “Metamorphosis” present marginally different viewpoints on the issue of authority misuse.
The topic of mortals’ safeguarding, which is pivotal both to “Iliad” and “Metamorphosis,” remains crucial even in present times. Specifically, a variety of contemporary leaders seem to possess vast amounts of authority because of their political sway, their economic one, or a fusion of both (Homer, 762 B. C.; Ovid, 8 B. C.). For example, the disregard for human rights in nations such as China, where leaders achieve the stature of god-like beings, can be perceived as akin to the one in the “Iliad” and “Metamorphosis.” However, what makes “Metamorphosis” slightly less impactful in this aspect is the humorous way in which it portrays the mistreatment of mortals. In contrast, “Iliad,” being a more solemn piece, generates a significantly greater impression by denouncing the brutality of all-powerful gods toward humans, which aligns more with the contemporary notion of authority misuse. Nonetheless, both the “Iliad” and “Metamorphosis” convey a vital message and a profound significance. Offering an understanding of authority dynamics within Ancient Greek society, they also aid in identifying similar trends in the contemporary populace.