Synopsis
This account commences with articulating and deliberating the stakeholders in the specified case study, the stockholders, Management, and employees, to mention a few. It will also concentrate on the instructions provided to Zoe, who is responsible for the organization's accounting records, to modify some entries in the record. This account asserts that those actions by Zoe are not only unprincipled but also unlawful. It further proceeds to highlight situations where the alteration of figures in the accounting records can be principled and legal. The conclusion of this account specifies who can promptly detect the modification on the accounting records, which is the organization's auditor.
Information Systems Report
A stakeholder is an individual in a business entity or an organization who has an interest in the proceedings of the organization. Stakeholders are directly or indirectly engaged in the organization, either managing or benefiting from its activities. In the specified case study, the stakeholders are the organization's shareholders, who are the individuals who have invested their money in the organization and stand to benefit from the organization in terms of dividends owing to the sales made by the organization in a year. In our case study, the shareholders will be impacted by a decision to alter the organization's profitability since the alteration directly affects the company's stock prices. A decrease or an increase in stock prices will impact the shareholders directly as their dividends will rise or fall, respectively.
The Management of the organization in our case study is also a component of the stakeholders as they are involved in the decision-making of matters concerning the day-to-day running of the organization. The Management also makes account-related decisions which include adjustments in the accounting records. Lastly, secondary stakeholders in the organization are the employees; their daily work enables the company to operate smoothly and achieve its goals and expectations. The suppliers in this organization are parties in the supply chain that provide goods and services to the ultimate consumers and companies. A supplier is an individual or organization that makes the goods available to the consumers and not necessarily the manufacturer. The final category of stakeholders is the creditors. They are individuals or groups, both public and private, who make funds available to persons or business with the sole expectation that the money will be repaid with interest hence making a profit through it.
In our case study, the president requests Zoe Baas, the controller of the company accounting records, to accrue every possible revenue. To forego as many expenses as possible and maintain the current year's revenues so that the following year can easily absorb the costs foregone in the current year. In this scenario, the presidents' requests go against prudent accounting policies. They can be seen as an attempt by the Management to window dress by manipulating the organization's accounting records entry and posting better profit numbers than the actual ones (Weygandt et al., 2018). Concerning accounting policies, this action is unprincipled, as well as the acts by Zoe to date the entries in the accounting records to December 31 of the previous year instead of January 17. These actions are done to adjust the organization's accounting figures, which inflates its revenue by illegally accruing some of its revenues and deflating its expenses by wrongly delaying some costs. These are wrong, unprincipled, and illegal since they do not follow the rules and policies of accounting.
One of the questions that arise in our case study is whether Zoe is still ethical by deferring the company's expenses and accruing the company's revenues. These actions can only be ethical if they are done as provided in the accounting provisions and the GAAP and IFRS framework (Weygandt et al., 2018). Any accruing of the organization's revenue and differing expenses done in any other way without following the rules will be illegal. An example is when sales have been done and have not been recorded using the standard method of invoicing paperwork, as accrued sales are legal (Weygandt et al., 2018). Another example of an unethical case is when a customer pays for goods in advance and will be shipped the following year, recording such sales as accrued.
Another issue from the case study where the manager asks Zoe to defer expenses and accrue revenues is that those actions can be illegal. In this case study, Zoe can still be legal if the deferring of the company's costs and accruing of the company's revenues are done as provided in the accounting policies and following the GAAP and IFRS framework. It is also legal only when Zoe does not violate federal and IRS regulations (Weygandt et al., 2018). In any case, if those adjustments in the accounting records violate these regulations, they will be illegal. In our case study, the adjustments the manager instructed Zoe to make in the accounting records do not follow these regulations; hence they will be unlawful.