The European dominions had acquired substantial portions of the globe, encompassing the Caribbean. In the 15th century, the Europeans laid claim to the area subsequent to the founding of Spanish settlements and subjugation of the Aztec and Inca states (Horne, 2018). Owing to the conquest, it was effortless for the Spanish to penetrate Mexico and Peru through exploration in strategic junctures of the Caribbean region. After the Spanish incursion of the Caribbean in the 17th century, other European dominions such as the British and French commenced settling in crucial locations like the isle of Tortuga and subsequently relocated to Jamaica (Horne, 2018). By mid-century, numerous non-Hispanic pirates had established lasting colonies and commercial zones in Caribbean islands.
The profitability in terms of riches facilitated the escalation of conquest in the Caribbean region. Initially, it was simple to acquire gold, which was among the region’s pivotal facets of the scramble. The presence of Christopher Columbus in the region had paved the way for other leaders to establish colonies (Horne, 2018). Secondly, there was the availability of a workforce sourced from the African continent as black individuals were utilized as slaves to toil in the industrial openings in the vicinity.
Due to the waning of Spanish authority in the region, predominantly due to diminished indigenous populace of the area, the other European dominions enhanced their presence in regions that Columbus had traversed. For instance, Francis Drake, a pirate from England, raided numerous Spanish settlements (Horne, 2018). The cooperative alliance among the French, British, and Dutch facilitated European dominions to subjugate the substantial expanse of the Caribbean. Subsequent to the commencement of the competitive disposition of colonies, sovereign conflicts arose that resulted in severe wars that rendered it challenging for the Caribbean islands to unify against European dominion (Horne, 2018). Owing to the advent of agricultural activities, the Atlantic slave trade witnessed numerous Africans toiling for the Europeans in the Caribbean, reinforcing their colonialism in the region thereby conquering the area significantly.