Company’s Historical Background
Farcargo is a business-to-business web-based logistics service firm. The company carries out nationwide and global goods delivery for its customers. The company was founded in 2006 as a local delivery firm where it handles deliveries in the Seattle area. Initially, the staff would conduct home and office deliveries for our clients for products such as groceries, food, and shopping items, among others. However, in 2009 the company shifted from local deliveries to nationwide and international deliveries. The business operations also shifted from business to customer to business to business. The majority of the company’s services, like reservation, invoicing, payment, and monitoring, are carried out online.
The company was established by Adams Johnsons, the Chief Executive Officer, who was aided by five other senior management individuals as follows:
1. Chief Financial Officer – Janet Smith
2. Chief Marketing Officer- Peter Calgary
3. Chief Operations Manager- Susan Milles
4. Chief Human Resource Manager- Diana Jones
5. Chief Information Technology Officer- Steve Wilson
Farcargo is an online business and hence does not necessitate numerous physical stores to conduct its operations. The company has a central office in Seattle, its main office where it has centralized its procedures. The company has well-established online and social media platforms where it engages with its current and potential clients. Online businesses utilize this platform to promote their services and notify clients of their promotions and discounts (Chung et al., 2018). Additionally, Farcargo has a website where its clients can sign in using their registration details to track their goods in transit or past business transactions. Farcargo prides itself on exceptional customer service.
Farcargo Current Status
As of December 2021, Farcargo had a total of 18 fully contracted employees and two part-time staff. The company is valued at $258 million as of its financial reports on 31st December 2021. The company achieved a revenue of $27 million in the year. Farcargo has encountered a 5% growth rate in the last three years and anticipates surpassing this rate by 2% in the following two years. The company is preparing to move to a new facility, a two-story independent building.
The Company’s Objective
Farcargo aims to revolutionize global business operations by providing dependable, economical, and punctual cargo transport services. The company aims to be a leading online delivery cargo firm that promotes regional and international trade thus contributing to economic growth and stability for our customers. Farcargo concentrates on enhancing the courier industry to surpass global benchmarks.
The Company’s Aspiration
The company’s aspiration is to be a trustworthy and adaptable business partner to its customers. Farcargo is committed to being accessible and providing flexibility regarding operations, delivery hours, payment methods, mode of transportation, types of goods in transit, and location, among others. It aims at establishing flexible services to meet our diverse clients’ requirements.
Company’s Business Category
Farcargo is an online business-to-business cargo courier services provider. The company transports goods within the confines of a specific country or beyond its borders. Farcargo deals in road, air, and water transport. For each mode of transport, courier service companies utilize a variety of equipment in terms of size and shape to suit the kind of goods being transported (Gramatikova, 2020). For instance, for road transport, the company owns four types of trucks of different sizes which enables it to transport different amounts and types of goods. This business is internet-based, meaning that its customers carry out their reservations, monitoring, invoicing, payments, and signing-off using an online platform.
Farcargo Clients
Farcargo deals with various kinds of companies who desire to transport their products or any goods. It has one-time customers and regular or repeat clients. A considerable number of the company’s clients are firms that require us to transport goods from one location to another. For example, manufacturing companies need it to transport raw materials from the supplier to their factories and subsequently hire courier services to transport their output to wholesalers or other customers (Gramatikova, 2020). It also has individual clients who wish to transport personal goods such as cars or other items. Farcargo Company also secures government contracts frequently where it is contracted by a government to conduct a delivery.
Demographic Data
The company’s main office is situated in Seattle but has other regional offices in 40 countries worldwide. Farcargo carries out its operations in all seven continents but has most of its customers in the U.S.A, Asia, and Europe. In the three regions, Farcargo transports goods within the boundaries and across to other countries.
Company’s Information Systems Infrastructure
The company’s information system infrastructure comprises four components; the user interface, applications, business processes, and a database. This infrastructure is supported by hardware, system software, networking, storage, and data centers.
User interface
This is the initial and outer view a user interacts with when working with a system (Gramatikova, 2020). The Farcargo interface is rich in color and graphics which guide the user to different functions. For instance, the user interface has registration or login buttons, about us, Contact us, Our Services, and Enquiry buttons. The registration or log-in button helps users to easily input their details for registration to the system or access to their account. The About us button directs a user to more information about the company, such as the company’s history, management, projects, and plans. Furthermore, the contact us button enables the user to access the company’s contact information, such as telephone number, email address, and phone number. The user can also make inquiries from this interface which enables them to do so through the inquiry button. The user interface is blue and contains images of our transportation equipment, our staff, and the company’s logo.
Applications
After accessing their account, users can then interact with different applications to carry out various functions in the system. Some of the functions include reservation, cargo monitoring, and retrieval of past business records. The application is also linked to a payment system that allows the client to pay for their services. The reservation application is connected to an external calendar which helps clients in inputting the date of their cargo collection. The reservation application allows the client to describe the type of cargo with words and pictures so that our team can select the appropriate equipment to use. Cargo monitoring is carried out through the application whereby a customer can access the GPS linked to the transportation equipment. They can also access the contact of the staff in charge of their transportation to inquire about the goods. Through the application, clients can access their past business records which are stored in the company’s database.
Business Processes
The system enables the company to carry out several business processes smoothly. Some of the business processes executed by the system include invoicing, scheduling, receipt retrieval, and signing off a deal. Once a client reserves our services, the system aids the company in scheduling according to the different days and tasks entered. This helps to prevent task overlap and delays. The scheduling system also features a reminder that reminds both the user and staff of an upcoming project. The customer is required to input the type and size of cargo and distance to be transported for invoicing. The system automatically generates an invoice according to the information entered. If a customer is dissatisfied with the invoice