Introduction
There are numerous issues in the world that continue to undermine all the advantages that the rapid social evolution and technological progress bring. One of the problems that should be addressed immediately by all governments is extreme inequality. Despite the successful implementation of a wide variety of measures that helped combat such discrepancies in most Western societies, Latin American nations continue to struggle from a multitude of problems that are rooted in inequality. Nevertheless, recently some governments in the region have been particularly enthusiastic in developing new innovative strategies to help the poor. I strongly believe that a dedicated analysis of such measures can ensure increased living standards in one of the world’s most diverse regions.
The Global Importance of the Issue
Why does combating inequality in Latin America matter to the rest of the world? First, the region’s political life has been extremely turbulent for several decades. It means that some of the vital social institutions in various states are not efficient enough to ensure rapid and sustainable development. Such a situation leads to a wide variety of social problems, including discrimination, drug trafficking, street crime, high levels of violence. All the above-mentioned troubles directly affect the well-being of millions of Americans. Drugs and illegal migration have been devastating various neighborhoods across the US. It is just one of the examples, as Europe and even some Asian countries also experience difficulties that are rooted in social issues in Latin America.
What is more important, Latin American nations have high chances of successfully and quickly overcoming many of the above-mentioned challenges. Governments in the region are generally enthusiastic about developing and implementing new strategies, as political parties constantly face severe competition. Thus, just like in the 20 th century, numerous social experiments (this time, predominantly positive) can change societies there in a due manner. Latin American nations that manage to find the efficient means to enhance the living standards of millions of citizens will become role models for numerous developing countries that currently experience rapid population growth (most of them in Africa). Therefore, the ability of Latin American nations to overcome difficulties and get rid of numerous constraints will ensure the successful implementation of similarly efficient strategies in countries where billions of people live.
The Core of the Problem
Maybe the fact that few nations in the region are high-income economies is the cause of many issues? It cannot be so, as there are numerous nations in the world that are not rich but do not struggle with such a wide variety of social problems. Therefore, there must be something unique about Latin America that hinders its development and does not allow it to reach the level of prosperity and well-being of other Western societies. It is undoubtedly the extreme levels of inequality that deprives millions of people living in poor neighborhoods of access to high-quality education, medical services, and cheap credit.
Figure 1: LAC countries are some of the most unequal in the world Gini indices on the distribution of household consumption per capita by region, circa 2017.
Despite the gradual decreases in income inequality that take place due to multiple changes in taxation and legislation, there are other problems that underline social issues. Wealth inequality has always been a feature of most Latin American nations, as a few aristocratic families usually owned the most fertile land in the 19 th century. Therefore, unlike in the 19 th -century US, new migrants could not easily acquire free land and had to toil for the rich. Such disparities from the outset hindered the development of a large middle-class that is instrumental in creating a free and prosperous society.
Simply raising the taxes and redistributing the money to the poor is not an optimal solution. A much more complex and scientific, data-driven approach should be utilized in order to address the issue efficiently. New frameworks should be developed and established that will seek to help people truly realize their potential by incentivizing them to use their strengths and talents.
Fighting extreme poverty implies the utilization of a unique set of urgent measures and a wide variety of strategies. Cheap credit or interest-free loans have already proven to be beneficial when they are granted to hard-working families that desperately need resources, such as tools, land, materials, or money to pay the rent. Once dedicated institutions or charities realize that a family will spend a substantial amount of money in an efficient way, it should ensure rapid transit of the low-interest or interest-free loan. Moreover, it is highly desirable to establish or encourage the creation of organizations that ask for money back only in case a poor family’s enterprise is successful and starts generating income.
Covid-19
One of the factors that further exacerbates the inequality problem in Latin America is the Covid-19 pandemic and the numerous measures that seek to stop the spread of the virus. Therefore, all the above mentioned has substantially widened the income gap. According to Regional Human Development Report (2021), in these unprecedented circumstances, 22 million more people have fallen below the poverty line in the region, returning to 2008 levels. Moreover, lower commodity prices and slower growth in China, however, have reduced Latin America’s growth prospects (Messina & Silva, 2018). What is more, due to the fact that the middle-class is relatively small, few people have the opportunity to work from home, which is in sharp contrast with the situation in more prosperous Western countries.
Moreover, the Covid-19 pandemic hinders the chances of millions of pupils and students to continue the education process online. According to Delaporte et al. (2021), social distancing measures have led to an increase in inequality in Latin America. A large portion of families in the region have more than two children, which makes it hard for any family with income levels below average to provide each child with a laptop. Furthermore, there are numerous areas even within the city boundaries where the speed of Internet connection is not sufficient enough to ensure proper conditions for working or learning from home.
The successful cases from the 2000s that featured the improved living standards of millions of workers in Latin America include Argentina, Uruguay, and Brazil. In the first two examples, labor unions managed to contribute to the establishment of a safety net that helped many professionals finally get decent salaries. In Brazil’s scenario, the substantial rises in minimal wage helped fight the situation where millions of people living in the cities with high living costs had to toil for a few dollars a day. Therefore, there are multiple success stories that can be repeated despite the disastrous effect both the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent economic repercussions had on the region.
Figure 2: Despite declining in the 2000s, income inequality remains high in LAC. Income inequality (Gini index 1992–2018).
Various Types of Inequality
Income inequality, wealth inequality, and extreme poverty are not the only types of inequality that people in Latin American struggle with. Various types of horizontal inequalities (based on differences in sex, ethnicity, or race, just to name a few) are still a major issue. Women continue to earn much less than men and frequently face a “glass ceiling” due to numerous stereotypes. Ethnic minorities still lack recognition as active political and economic agents. Moreover, they are sometimes left behind in access to various social services.
Governments in the regions do not allocate enough resources to the development of various facilities in remote rural areas, while, in fact, it is the most crucial measure that can really ensure the rapid enhancement of living standards. There seems to be a lack of truly independent politicians that are capable of staying determined to achieve long-term goals. Thus, the political systems