As a guideline, the notions of forging and extremism are not generally viewed as entirely harmonious, mainly because of the drastic contrast in the ultimate objectives of each category of unlawful behavior. However, certain extremist groups have endeavored to dabble in forging, effectively branching out into extensive illicit yet highly profitable enterprises. The infamous Italian Mob has been particularly notorious for its endeavors to seize the Italian market and attempting to divert the revenue flow to finance its malevolent activities (Beqiraj et al., 2020). Although the Mob’s activities are challenging to contain due to the immense authority it has already established in Italy, precise tools for spotting forgeries and preventing their entry into the European market must be integrated into the current measures.

The Italian Mob’s participation in forging has been quite conspicuous, mainly due to the overwhelming authority that the Mob wields in Italy as its notorious organized crime entity. Among the primary counterfeit-related activities in which the Mob has been involved, producing counterfeit goods for trade has been the principal one (Beqiraj et al., 2020). For example, in 2017, the Mob was engaged in manufacturing bogus olive oil for vending to EU nations (Bacchi, 2017). Although the described forged endeavor might appear insignificant, particularly considering the scope and seriousness of offenses for which the Italian Mob has been recognized, the specified incident has had a rather substantial impact on trade between Italy and other European countries. According to the reports issued in response to the specified event, inexpensive oil was "re-labeled as the pricier "extra virgin" type, valued for its rich flavor and health benefits, and distributed as such to retail stores in New Jersey" (Bacchi, 2017). The specified activities undermine the reputation of Italian food producers and affiliated companies, thereby jeopardizing the very foundation of the state's economy. Consequently, the issue of food forging must be addressed to enable Italian companies operating in the food sector and exporting their products to thrive continuously.

To combat the problem, strategies for identifying instances of forgery and preventing their circulation in the market must be devised. Unfortunately, an alternative approach that could be considered more effective, specifically, combating the Mob in the first instance, is currently highly unlikely. Since the Italian Mob has essentially entrenched itself in the economic and political framework of Italy, displacing its dominance will require a substantial amount of time. Therefore, implementing tools for identifying instances of forging and eliminating them from the market should be viewed as a sensible temporary measure (Juntunen, 2019). Hence, the very concept of forging will no longer appear lucrative to organized crime members, which is likely to result in a significant decrease in the number of forgeries.

By developing and implementing mechanisms for enhanced identification of counterfeit products and removing them from the pool of those in circulation in the European market, the Italian government and the relevant state entities will be able to counteract the forging endeavors of the Mob. Even though the Mob itself is currently unmanageable, having firmly embedded itself in the political and economic systems, actions against forgery, such as more accurate tools for detecting it and eliminating it from the European market, must be integrated into the current strategies. While presently, forgery remains robust and seemingly insurmountable, a series of coordinated efforts may help address the situation.