Over the bygone years, the model of healthcare has adopted a patient-centric approach that prioritizes and foresees one’s needs and triggers clinical intervention. Such a proactive stance, however, has not yet become a norm due to several financial and organizational obstacles. Many medical centers assert to have restricted resources for the execution of preventive healthcare regularly, particularly concerning the financial coverage of preventive measures.
The dispute, in this instance, is the reality that the vast majority of EBP research emphasizes the socio-economic advantages of the anticipatory method to healthcare. For instance, in an article by Jennings and Eng (2020), the authors clearly state that “Increasing preventive cancer screenings in the U.S. is an efficient strategy to reduce healthcare costs” (p. 245). Another study concludes that the personalized preventive approach “is statistically linked to reductions in outpatient expenses, Medicare costs in year 5, emergency department (ED) utilization, and unplanned inpatient admissions, accompanied by notable increases in evaluation and management visits and expenses” (Morefield, Tomai, Slanchev, & Klemes, 2020, p. 75). Given this proof, it is rational to question why the economic structures of healthcare disregard such a advantageous opportunity.
In my view, the response to this issue addresses two primary aspects: substantial dependence on patient autonomy in health decisions and the reluctance to invest in telehealth and digital solutions to preventive healthcare. This contemplation was, indeed, provoked by one of my patients who is undergoing treatment for type 2 diabetes. This patient is a 68-year-old man, so the majority of his medical costs are covered by federal Medicaid insurance. He is a heavy smoker and consumes alcohol at least once a week, thus he is at high risk of hyperglycemia and other diabetes complications. Due to severe blood sugar spikes at his age, the patient is frequently hospitalized with hyperglycemia and low blood pressure, leading to fainting. Consequently, the patient is readmitted to the facility every two months with an average hospitalization period of three days. As it is already apparent that the patient faints and grapples with blood sugar spikes due to a lifestyle incompatible with the disease, it is crucial to question the preventive measures of the treatment.
One of the potentially effective ways to achieve the appropriate level of prevention is to enable patients to rely on technology rather than their perception of health. The patient discussed earlier cannot be faulted for incompetence and ignorance regarding his well-being because, after a medical procedure, he tends to feel better and overlooks his medical condition. Indeed, over the years of my nursing practice, I have recognized that individuals are unlikely to contemplate their health when nothing troubles them. Those who do, however, are usually more financially able and manage healthcare without preventive care and advice.
Hence, it is vital to afford patients an opportunity to be reminded of their health condition before it is too late and they hasten to the hospital. Telehealth, encompassing applications connected to a monitoring device, is an exceedingly beneficial approach to foster this change. Proof proposes that a mobile-phone system for elderly patients with type 2 diabetes contributes positively to the patient’s blood sugar and overall well-being (Sun et al., 2019). Acquisition of such gadgets for a facility and software development yield financial benefits for the management and patients in the long term, as hospitalization, readmission rates, and federal coverage of medical expenses lead to more frequent and expensive costs. Consequently, it is high time for public health advocates to regard telehealth as a futuristic notion rather than a comprehensive modern solution.