Environmental endurance alludes to the stage where renewable resource gathering speed should not exceed that of regeneration and that the decrease of non-renewable resources should necessitate the same growth of renewable alternatives. The use of natural resources has escalated significantly over the last few decades. Environmental endurance is crucial for the conservation of resources by the global community for the future generation (Ostad-Ali et al.). This encompasses the reduction of economic impacts that might be unfavorable to the environment, as well as devising a business that lessens the use of carbon. The production of inexpensive and pure energy that is accessible for all is the primary goal of sustainable development. In her article “The Duty to Persist,” Carson alerts the public about the repercussions of contemporary industrial pollution. Since environmental climate turned unfavorable due to rising economic stability, variations of achieving environmental endurance emerged, specifically human contribution to the ecosystem by eliminating harmful substances from agriculture and the use of rainwater gathering systems.
The environmental climate has altered from being conducive to causing many unfavorable effects on the ecosystems. Manufacturing, which is commonly regarded as continuous development in various types of industries, tends to impact the environment in diverse ways, resulting in alterations in the atmospheric climatic conditions. These, in turn, impact agriculture; for instance, in the areas with manufacturing factories, “the farmers complained that they were unable to raise any pigs” (Carson 123). Both the manufacturing and processing sectors depend on the environment to acquire their raw materials. Industries such as the papermaking industries rely on trees as a source of raw material for their products (Oláh et al.). Consequently, this results in a substantial decline in the number of trees available globally, and the trees are seen to be of significance towards the reduction of the amount of carbon dioxide available in the atmosphere. Furthermore, the efforts to restore the trees and plants are unsuccessful, and their outcome is “animals have almost invariably gone along with the plants” (Carson 128). Consequently, there will be occurrences of harsh environment and climatic changes such as heavy rainfall and drought.
The pace of progress has risen within various countries to establish a solid economic foundation. It enables the creation of job opportunities for individuals, which stimulates capitalism to establish firms in various sectors of the globe. The industries mostly dispose of their waste products into large water bodies. Consequently, it leads to the presence of chemicals and other metals, which have significant effects on marine creatures. The accumulation of chemicals in the oceans leads to oceanic acidification, thus, rendering the sea uninhabitable to marine animals. Yet, “future generations are unlikely to approve of our lack of cautious concern for the integrity of the natural world that supports all life” (Carson 129). Therefore, humans should devise some solutions for this issue to preserve economic stability and ecological integrity.
One of the methods in achieving environmental endurance is by considering people as a part of the ecosystem, which not only utilizes natural resources but contributes to the system. For example, nitrogen is crucial for the growth of many crops, and many farmers use nitrogen fertilizer on their farms. Yet, Carson argues that “chemical insecticides must never be used” (129). This is because the use of nitrogen fertilizer does not fit into an environmentally safe zone (Oláh et al.). Sustainable agriculture involves a system dedicated to ensuring the sustenance of farmers and resources through promoting economically feasible and environmentally sound farming practices. When farmers spread nitrogen fertilizers on their farms, some is washed into water bodies and consumed by bacteria. After the bacteria feed on the nitrogen, they emit nitrous oxide into the atmosphere (Oláh et al.). The gas has global warming potential almost three hundred times that of carbon dioxide. There have been numerous attempts to control nitrogen fertilizers’ contribution to global warming; however, it has not been a straightforward task. The rate of application of nitrogen in farming determines the amount of nitrous oxide released into the atmosphere. Hence, to decrease the rate of nitrous oxide production, farmers must minimize the quantity of nitrogen fertilizers they apply to their farms. Unfortunately, not many farmers are willing to do this as it would reduce their profits.
Another instance of human integration into the local ecosystem can be observed in the Rajasthan rainwater harvesting system. The farmers managed to provide irrigation for the crops throughout the year by constructing small earthen dams called Johads. Those dams captured rainwater, which soaked into the aquifer and, thus, was saved from evaporating (Singh and Bhakar). With the introduction of drill technology, people began to desert Johads and make wells as deep as possible. By doing so, the underground water level decreased and dehydrated the ecosystem in the area. The situation transformed with reintroducing the practice of rainwater harvesting in Johads. After seven months, the first monsoon season arrived and refilled the new pond. This inspired the community to continue the restoration of their abandoned rainwater harvesting system. Johads halted a vicious cycle of diminishing levels of groundwater (Singh and Bhakar). Serving the ecosystem is a tactic that can aid humanity in achieving environmental endurance and ensuring its long-term well-being.
In conclusion, integration into the natural ecosystem is a crucial step in nature preservation. The high rate of environmental deterioration experienced globally is caused by capitalist activities, which are consistently carried out in various sectors of the globe. Ideally, the government and various ecological authorities need to collaborate and formulate environmental policies and laws and ensure their enforcement. Through this, they will be able to mitigate the effects of capitalism on the environment and hence reduce environmental destruction.