The authority of the press operations is determined by the constitution of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). According to Öztunc & Pierre (2021), the UAE is ranked 119 in the global press freedom data, categorizing the country as one of the most oppressive regarding the freedom of expression. Activities such as government censorship, negative press, restriction of journalistic views, and sanction threats are instances of repressive measures to freedom.
Various agencies, including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation (MoFAIC), have established proactive measures to depict press freedom (United Nations, 2021). However, the constraints such as judicial harassment and censorship indicate a significant gap (Constitution, 2004). The reason is that the constitution is the sole major directive that is obligatory, offering no absolute rights. Hence, the benefits of granting partial liberty to journalistic activities are to uphold peace, manage the media, and safeguard the repressive regime’s interests.
The freedom of independent reporting is the primary indicator of press rights. The UAE’s rank in the global mark index portrays a system fearful of journalistic independence. This aspect indicates that freedom is stifled to ensure that the government controls everything concerning communication and information sharing (Öztunc & Pierre, 2021). According to Momen et al. (2020), half of the media fatalities occur in countries not at war. The UAE is recognized for business establishment and unparalleled infrastructure, indicating high levels of peace and prosperity (Öztunc & Pierre, 2021). Nonetheless, the right to expression is restricted by the constitution which is paradoxically meant to protect their freedom.
A story published by the Canberra Times news coverage illustrates the level of repressive legislation against the media. Prosecutors in the UAE charged a sports journalist for leaking pre-match comments before the match between the country’s team and Iraq began (The Canberra Times, 2021). The journalist was then incarcerated after being found guilty of hate speech and disturbance of public peace. It remains unclear how his reporting was hate speech considering the fact that he was reporting about the likelihood of a win, loss, or draw in that world cup qualifier match. Through this incident, other broadcasters were also dismissed as punishment for disloyalty to the nation (The Canberra Times, 2021).
Article 30 of the UAE constitution states that freedom of expression shall be granted verbally, in writing, or within the confines of the law (Constitution, 2004). It is valid to argue that the sports journalist had not violated the law since they were giving their opinion considering the explanation of this law. However, federal law no. 5 of 2012 states that sarcasm, defamation, and disturbing the public order through sensitive expression is illegal and can attract a prison sentence (Constitution, 2004). This statute creates a fine line between what is legal or unethical since the basis of judgment will depend on who is offended.
The constitution’s provisions have created room for oppression by justifying censorship, negative press, and restricting opinions to safeguard individual interests. The significance of this system is to feign justice through the partial execution of the prescribed mandate (Öztunc & Pierre, 2021). Such fragmented provisions enable the government to falsify, distort, or conceal information regarding matters directly impacting its citizens for political gain (Constitution, 2004). For instance, most media platforms in the UAE have not extensively tackled the issue of journalists’ unjust imprisonment, judicial executions, and deportation for fear of retribution, as indicated in the law (Momen, 2020). Such patterns have facilitated the killings, torture, and harassment of media personnel, an underreported epidemic resulting in the increasing number of deaths and incarcerations reported in the country.
It is unlawful to criticize the government, its affiliates, or any constitutional monarch or governing authorities. The Federal Law Code, no. 15 of 1980, is a statute regulating privacy to journalistic commentaries and Publication and is one of the strictest laws in the Arab world (Constitution, 2004). The regulation permits censorship and the prior distribution of national and international periodicals. The code justifies the rationale for the scarce resources available addressing the extrajudicial killings transpiring in this country. Through this censorship, harassment flourishes, making it simpler for the government to propagate propaganda and uphold authority.
Ideally, freedom of the press should encompass the right to publish articles without being monitored and provide journalistic commentaries. The significance of such a system is to bolster better governance, eliminate impunity, and promote factual knowledge. When the media conveys information with precise data, citizens can recognize issues in government and communicate them for overall societal change (Momen, 2020). They can also utilize accurate information to advocate for justice by holding offenders accountable despite their status quo. For instance, even the president can be incarcerated in some countries if they breach the law (Momen, 2020). Such processes are fostered by factual reporting that is not influenced by external factors. Additionally, independent reporting promotes factual knowledge by disseminating information that supports a unified awareness system.
Hence, the significance of partial freedom of expression in the press is to serve the interests of governing officials since they control all information displayed to the public through stringent limitations (Momen, 2020). Despite all the adverse effects of this censorship, one advantage is that it has fostered peace, considering most of the misconduct done by people in government is not publicized or condemned publicly. This suppression system has buttressed the federation of absolute monarchies by enabling all of them to evade accountability for everything they do, considering they are beyond the law (Momen, 2020).
Moreover, the constitution shields them by imposing lethal sanctions on those who contravene federal law no. 3, amended in 1987 (Constitution, 2004). This penal code law prohibits the press from publishing any information about the country’s rulers without consent. This limitation indicates that even if a ruler is implicated in a graft case, the public will only learn of this offense if the ruler consents to the allegations being published. Hence, citizens have been kept uninformed considering that commenting or publishing information concerning the rulers could provoke a defamation lawsuit, which has fostered peace.
The benefit of partial freedom of the press is promoting governance and peace within the country. The reason is that, in the contemporary world, people understand their rights and would push for reform if they detect any misappropriations in their governing systems. Therefore, censorship and judicial threats have regulated how the media portray certain individuals considering that the constitution safeguards them. Laws such as federal law code no. 15 of 1980 stipulate that all public publications go through a government editing system to ensure that none of the content tarnishes their image. Many other laws safeguard the rulers’ interest, including federal law no. 5 of 2012, which threatens those who defame the government’s image. This situation raises questions about whether the constitution is for the people or an extension to shield the government.