Undermanning is one of the most prevalent issues in the healthcare setting in the USA and many other countries. This is also one of the most pressing issues in the healthcare facility under scrutiny. Being a qualified nurse aide, I have recognized the adverse impact of undermanning on employees’ performance and their overall well-being, as well as patient outcomes. Nurses are fatigued, which tends to result in medical mistakes and unfavorable effects on patients’ health or their contentment with the services they receive. Undermanning had been a significant issue before the outbreak of the COVID pandemic, but it became an unparalleled burden for the system during the pandemic (Lasater et al., 2020). To enhance the situation, it is feasible to apply the five-step process recommended by Cox et al. (2014). This paper includes a concise depiction of the execution of the five-step process to deal with undermanning in the hospital in question.
The first step implies the identification of the limitation (the issue that worsens the quality of given care). As mentioned earlier, undermanning is the most pressing limitation to tackle as it results in an increased number of medical errors, overall discontent, and low morale of the staff, and inappropriate performance. As a consequence, patients do not receive high-quality care as nurses often have insufficient time to discuss the necessary matters with patients and families, carry out clinical procedures properly, and fulfill their duties.
Step 2 of the process described by Cox et al. (2014) encompasses the identification of the precise ways to address the limitation. Seasonality is one of the features of the problem, as the main burden is evident in the so-called flu seasons. At this time, it is essential to increase the number of working hours for nurse aides who can perform multiple tasks, while nurses can focus on procedures that require skills aides do not possess. The aides are frequently employed part-time, so it might be adequate to increase the number of working hours of those who already work at the facility. Nevertheless, it is crucial to develop detailed guidelines and instructions concerning employees’ responsibilities. Every employee should comprehend what procedures and tasks to carry out, and on what occasions when their services are not required. It may be necessary to modify some job descriptions to implement change effectively.
Step 3, as defined by Cox et al. (2014), demands the dedication of all resources and effort to the decisions made to address the limitation. Hence, all employees should be thoroughly informed about the changes, as well as the necessity for change and its urgency and potential outcomes. The relevant discussions concerning the new guidelines and instructions should be carried out to ensure that the medical staff is informed about the new tasks and responsibilities. It is possible to form teams with leaders and mentors to help facilitate the change. Step 4 is linked with the assessment of the system limitation, which can be conducted by carrying out surveys. Patients can fulfill brief surveys that will consist of questions regarding the time nurses dedicate to communication with them, the quality of care provided, and their overall contentment with the services. Brief surveys for employees can also illuminate nurses’ workload, burnout, and performance. Step 5 can be readily executed in this process as agreements will be signed for the most intense period, so no inertia can arise.
In conclusion, it is feasible to address undermanning by augmenting the number of nurse aides on a seasonal basis. The application of the five-step process can guarantee the efficient execution of change in the hospital under consideration. The cooperation and dedication of all staff members are crucial. The model suggested by Cox and colleagues can also be utilized to resolve other issues the healthcare facility encounters.