Preface
Hereditary qualities and genomics allude to two ideas that keenly examine genes which are the fundamental operational unit of a living creature. Both hereditary qualities and genomics offer precious insights into the structure and capacity of the human body. The knowledge obtained from these two areas is crucial in directing the progress of medicine and other health sciences. This paper is an examination of these two areas and comprises six pivotal sections. The initial part discerns genetics from genomics, allowing the differentiation between the two disciplines. The subsequent section provides priceless insight into the role of nursing in the two fields. The third section spotlights the ethical consideration in research into the two fields. The fourth centers on the global use of genetics and genomics research while the fifth is an analysis of the impact of various factors on the application of genomics and genetics in healthcare. The ultimate section is the conclusion that consolidates the knowledge from all the sections and offers guidance. Genetics and genomics are among the swiftly developing fields that underscore the next crucial phase in healthcare development hence their value is indisputable.
Disparities Between Genetics and Genomics
Hereditary qualities allude to the study of genes and their functions in the inheritance of various traits amongst humans. This field analyzes how human beings pass down various characteristics to their offspring and the processes involved in the transfer. This study also examines the impact of the genes transferred to various individuals. Genes are the primary unit scrutinized in genetics, and this term refers to fundamental units of heredity. Genes convey instructions that direct the production of various proteins within the body. These instructions coordinate the production of proteins such as hormones, enzymes, cells, and muscles.
These proteins are pivotal in regulating various biological functions including sleep, growth and reproduction, breathing, digestion, and cognitive activity amongst others. Genetics also identifies the diseases that can occur whenever an error is encountered in the ability of genes to direct the activity of the body. These diseases incorporate cystic fibrosis, Huntington’s disease, and phenylketonuria and exhibit heredity. This implies that the study of genetics can identify individuals at a high risk of developing these diseases and predict whether offspring can have them.
Genomics, on the other hand, is a recent terminology that describes the analysis of all of a human’s genes, referred to as the genome. It explores the interaction of these genes with each other and the individual’s environment. Genomics also studies complex diseases such as heart disease, asthma, diabetes, and cancer since these diseases are caused by genetic variation. Genomics aims to present new possibilities for therapy, diagnostic procedures, and treatment for some complex diseases. One of the most remarkable contributions of genomics is stem cell therapy that enables the replacement of the faultiest cells in the body using cells referred to as stem cells. These stem cells can develop into any human cell and are therefore cultured with this sole purpose. Once ripe, these cells are utilized to replace injured body organs and ensure healing.
The Task of Nursing in Genetics and Genomics
Nursing guarantees the role of genetics and genomics through its involvement in research. The nursing profession encourages the involvement of professionals in research initiatives that facilitate the growth of this field. Additional research allows the discovery of new knowledge that is vital in ensuring disease is combated. Nursing also contributes to genomics through the popularization of the alternatives presented by these specialties. Nurses are some of the most exposed healthcare professionals, dealing with many patients. Their widespread interaction offers them an opportunity to impact knowledge to millions of people whenever healthcare scenarios befitting the genomics alternatives are presented. Nursing also provides nurses with an opportunity to venture into a specialty of genetics called genetic nursing.
The professionals within this field are called genetic nurses. The involvement of specialists within this specific field ensures that the specialty is accorded the serious focus it deserves. Genetic nurses are provided with ample time to focus on this field and propagate its growth through research and experimentation. The implementation of the techniques with a genetic background ensures that treatments with this base are fast-tracked and approved.
Nursing ensures that the fields of genetics and genomics achieve practice and approval through the various nursing organizations. Global and national nursing associations have been at the forefront of ensuring that genetics and genomics are approved by the governments and global associations such as the WHO. This involves implementing their advisory mandate to the leaders in the healthcare fields and directing them to approve genetics and genomics. These efforts have put adequate pressure on these organizations to offer sufficient funding to this research and also approve clinical trials of the various suggested genetics methods. The increased attention by governments and healthcare organizations has in turn caused an increase in the usage of these services in general and the growth of this field. Accessibility for more people has also been made possible with developing nations also embracing this revolution in healthcare.
Ethical Considerations with Research Involving Genetics and Genomics
When genetic and genomic research occurs, the data on the genomic sequence of individuals is required to be accessible to these participants. When this data is availed, it may reveal disturbing discoveries such as the possibility of developing cancer within the next few years. This is worrying for a patient who was previously unaware of the possibility and may cause anxiety in the patient and their families. The ethical issue of whether human beings want to be aware of what is happening in their bodies arises here. Additionally, the individual may be informed of the possibility of the occurrence of a chronic illness such as diabetes from genetic research. This disease may fail to occur and cause unnecessary worry and panic for the individual and their family, causing widespread mistrust in genetics and genomics.
Alternatively, the information about an individual may be discovered and withheld by the researchers. The aftermath of this is that a patient may develop the discovered condition and succumb to the disease partly due to late discovery and inadequate preparation. In this situation, the researcher is seen to have committed ethical injustice to the participant and harm public trust. In other scenarios, the researcher may be required to reveal the data collected on the genetic differences between the individuals participating. The variations may display some individuals negatively with a myriad of conditions likely to affect them in the future. In the unanticipated circumstances when employers or health insurance companies access this information, they are likely to discriminate against people.
Employers are likely to offer opportunities to individuals unlikely to develop a chronic disease that would be unprofitable due to sick leaves. Insurance companies are also likely to charge people with the likelihood of developing chronic diseases differently from others. This creates the issue of inequality and possible discrimination based on genetic predisposition.
How Genetics and Genomics Research is Conducted and Utilized Globally
Genetic and genomics research is conducted in willing individuals whenever the researchers have a specific hypothesis to test. The research requires the necessary approval from all the organizations involved including the government institutions involved. This research requires the involvement of high-level technology that enables the analysis of the data. Additionally, researchers must collect samples from their participants or patients, extract the genetic information, and carry out the tests required. Genetic research is conducted whenever researchers want to establish the impact of certain environmental factors on various human aspects. This research is also conducted whenever there is a need to establish the possibility of certain individuals developing certain conditions. This is mainly guided by heredity whereby one family member contracts a certain disease and there is a need to rule out the possibility of others having the same disease.
Genetics and genomics research has been vital in advancing cloning,