The matter of the globalization of companies is a phenomenon that has consistently drawn the attention of researchers in the field of management. In the last decade, the focus has shifted from considering the advantages and hazards of globalization to examining the strategies of international companies operating and expanding. However, it should be noted that globalization acts as a type of institutional environment for global companies, distinguished by high uncertainty and risks and a non-monotonous, dynamic nature.
The primary motivation for the globalization and internationalization of the company is a significant expansion of market opportunities, both production, and trade.
This is also associated with the advantages obtained from implementing an international strategy, specifically the expansion of the company’s market, economies of scale and learning, and, naturally, the benefits of new locations. Many companies from developing countries such as China, India, and Taiwan are active in global value chains in high-tech sectors of the economy (Stallkamp & Schotter, 2019).
However, this reality results in the fact that there is the widest range of issues inherent in international companies in these countries. For instance, emerging markets often have inadequate government oversight and regulation levels, resulting in global companies’ unethical and criminal trading practices. For instance, a typical illustration of this is the exploitation of inexpensive local labor to make production more affordable for international businesses (Mashan, 2021). This is morally and ethically shocking in the extreme but will have severe consequences for the company in the future.
Given the benefits of international diversification, some firms choose not to expand internationally for various reasons. The most prevalent of these is the reluctance to go beyond the domestic market of their homeland (Paul & Mas, 2019). This implies either an unwillingness to confront the hazards of globalization or an initial calculation of opportunities, considering only the company’s home market factors. Additionally, a crucial reason for the rejection of globalization may be the awareness of issues encountered with a foreign market, its characteristics, and potential consumers’ culture, religion, and customs. Thus, the global strategy has its immense benefits and drawbacks that can deter the company from this approach.