COVID-19 impacted the world in different ways; nonetheless, the consequences of the pandemic are not yet evident. One of such areas that still need extensive research, despite the significant progress made so far, is healthcare. This is particularly relevant for the mental health field, as the primary movements of resources in the healthcare sectors worldwide are focused on combating the primary adverse physical effects of the infection. Mental health problems receive notably less attention; meanwhile, these issues are crucial, particularly for healthcare professionals, who endure both physical and mental challenges from the immense additional burden that the pandemic imposed on them. According to studies, there is an "increased risk of developing trauma or stress-related disorders, depression, and anxiety" (Cabarkapa et al., 2020, para.3) for healthcare workers. Furthermore, statistically, the dangers are higher for nurses and female workers. Two main sources of these potential issues are fear of the unfamiliar and fear of contracting the infection. 

In such a critical situation, healthcare administrators need to discover new stress management methods or models for their healthcare facilities and staff. Various strategies have been attempted in such circumstances worldwide, depending on the resources that healthcare facilities had, cultural, social, and historical contexts of the communities. Some of the more investigated approaches will be specified and discussed further. The three primary strategies to deal with healthcare workers' stress are self-management methods, psycho-social interventions, and workplace consciousness (Cabarkapa et al., 2020). It is feasible to utilize and blend these strategies depending on the accessible resources of healthcare administrators and their facilities. 

Concerning self-management techniques, there have been six main coping behaviors recognized and implemented among New York healthcare workers during the COVID-19 pandemic. These comprised physical activity, counseling, yoga, faith-based practices, mindfulness, and online support groups; the practices are ordered from most to least popular ones (Shechter et al., 2020). Simultaneously, around 14% of workers did not participate in any stress management practices. A healthcare administrator can acquire information on such practices, organize them, and acquaint other healthcare workers to advocate for these coping mechanisms. 

Despite the presence of self-management mechanisms, they may not be sufficient, and psycho-social interventions may be required to alleviate stress-related issues. One illustration is the intervention plan that was devised in China – the initial country affected by the coronavirus. The plan advocates "to regulate the work and rest hours for frontline healthcare staff, enhance their occupational health and safety conditions, and enhance crisis psychological intervention and counseling" (Zhou et al., 2020, para.5). Interventions encompassed financial stability and secure working environments, while healthcare workers were given psychological and mental health services online and on-site. The implementation of the aforementioned measures led to an overall enhancement of healthcare workers' mental well-being, reduced stress, and improved sleep. 

Lastly, concerning workplace awareness, it is crucial to acknowledge that it can be challenging for individuals to self-diagnose depression or other stress-related disorders in numerous instances. Especially in emergencies, when there is limited time to ponder and assess one's mental health. Simultaneously, the impact of stress-related disorders on healthcare worker's personal well-being can be severe; additionally, this can detrimentally impact the quality of worker's services, thus endangering patients. Therefore, it is vital to provide continuous monitoring of healthcare workers' mental health status. The research by An et al. (2020) proposed organizing routine screenings for healthcare workers functioning in emergencies. Such practices can benefit both healthcare practitioners and the patients they attend to.