Similar to various other areas of life, music has transformed alongside society. The duration between 1959 and 1963 was a transitional period, and at least two distinct markets surfaced in the music industry (Covach and Flory 112). The initial one was characterized by the new generation of teenagers who preferred dance music (Covach and Flory 113). The second market was comprised of former rock and rollers who favored folk music linked with social, political, and economic matters (Covach and Flory 113). Folk had a lengthy history of tackling problems within American society, and its music seemed to be more devoted to the community than commercial pop (Covach and Flory 118-119).

Folk artists appealed to the audience and embodied individuals rather than being superior to them (Covach and Flory 119). Nearly anyone could perform folk, as the music was straightforward and necessitated a few simple guitar chords (Covach and Flory 119). Therefore, the notion spread of folk being “for the people and by the people” (Covach and Flory 119-120). The idea was linked to the music and the people’s beliefs, as the vocalists and the audience, connected by social problems, conveyed their worries through songs. As folk represented the music of individuals, it also stood as a movement characterized by numerous significant figures. The Weavers comprised traditional artists like Peete Seeger and were one of the most notable folk ensembles in the US (Covach and Flory 119). The Weavers concentrated on societal dilemmas and valued the simplicity of the music, capturing an audience among university students (Covach and Flory 119). In the early 1960s, The Kingston Trio was the most favored group that initiated the folk resurgence in the mainstream pop market (Covach and Flory 119-120). The Kingston Trio’s pop-sensitive approach was preferred by the public and defined folk music for many general listeners (Covach and Flory 120-121). Numerous vocalists have represented folk music, endorsing the initiative of addressing problems within society.