In the article “The impact of peers during adolescence: Does homophobic name-calling by peers alter gender identity?” the authors assert that adverse name-calling among peers can result in a modification in gender identity. Firstly, this is because unfavorable encounters with peers of the same gender lead to the necessity to associate with peers of the opposite gender. Secondly, during the phase of maturing, the adolescents’ identity is not yet entirely established. Therefore, they are consistently reassessing whether the identity formation is progressing appropriately. DeLay et al. (2018) acknowledge that homophobia can be aimed at homosexual and heterosexual adolescents. This is probably because the aim of victimization is to harm someone’s feelings, not highlight actual imperfections.
Gender identity development is a crucial stage in shaping a character occurring during adolescence (DeLay et al., 2018). Since homophobic name-calling is a type of victimization, this behavior should be disapproved of or prohibited in schools. Ioverno et al. (2021) observe that “bullying GNCV may represent a defensive reaction to exhibit bullies’ gender conformity” (p. 215). Therefore, collaboration with bullies should be conducted proficiently and with the involvement of a psychologist.
Interestingly, Ioverno et al. (2021) emphasize how this declaration is specifically valid for male bullies. This is because their “own gender conformity can influence the selection of victims based on their gender conformity” (p. 216). It is crucial to comprehend this reflective interaction to address the problems of gender victimization. Similarly significant, victimization of adolescents, including LGB, trans, and heterosexual high school students, may result in “anxiety, depression, and substance use disorders, particularly among sexual and gender minority youth” (Valido et al., p. 602). This is another valuable observation that signifies the necessity for concurrent prevention measures of substance abuse among adolescents. No less significant, substance abuse should be viewed as the outcome of psychological issues.