Olivier Armantier’s and others' article, “How Economic Crises Influence Inflation Beliefs: Proof from the COVID-19 Pandemic,” was published in the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization on July 24, 2021. Publisher Elsevier has collaborated with the Copyright Center RightsLink service to provide various options for reusing this content. Elsevier offers open or restricted access to content with permanently unique identifiers to incorporate links and citations. This paper is an autonomous article focusing on the state of the public economy during COVID-19.
In their paper, the authors explore alterations in the perception of inflation during the initial six months of the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite this paper being an autonomous piece, Armantier and others (2021) supplemented other research in the sector examining economic alterations during the COVID-19 recession. A feature of the article is the examination by the authors of the repercussions of inflationary crises and comparison with pre-existing crises to compute the level of the crisis holistically. The primary aim of the survey is to collect data on a broad spectrum of economic outcomes.
Following their study, the authors investigated the progression of households’ perceptions of inflation and determined that the growth of inflationary expectations was more controlled. This implies that the subdued response of average inflation expectations conceals a notable polarization of perspectives, especially in the short term (Bekaert and others, 2020). A considerable portion of households, particularly those with higher education, initially anticipated that the pandemic would result in low inflation or even deflation (Armantier and others, 2021). Consequently, the authors accomplished their objective and substantiated their findings with numerous graphs and tables presented in the article.
I appreciated the study by Armantier and others (2021) because the authors scrutinize non-traditionally triggered crises and household reactions. Furthermore, through comparative analysis with previous crises, Armantier and others (2021) ascertain the diffusion of the crisis due to inaccurate assumptions about inflation to other sectors of the economy (Armantier and others, 2021). For instance, the Great Recession was mainly a substantial adverse demand shock propelled by plummeting house and stock prices. I also admired that the authors unearthed proof of substantial polarization of inflation perceptions and pinpointed distinctions among demographic groups.