Purpose: The aim of this evidence concise is to demonstrate that the use of licensed nurses as principal team members engaging with patients during telehealth appointments in an outpatient environment will enhance patient results.

1. PIO In the outpatient clinical setting, will the use of licensed nurses as a principal team member to conduct telehealth appointments enhance patient results?
2. Background: Because of the escalating need to access care, there is an increased requirement for telehealth during the pandemic. The challenge is to meet the need. Licensed Nurses must become Principal Team Members to engage with Patients during Telehealth.
3. Objective: The objective of this study is to discover information on how licensed nurses can play a part as principal team members during telehealth appointments through Evidence-Based Practice to enhance patient results.
4. Search for evidence was conducted in databases CINAHL Plus, Pubmed, ***Search words used were “licensed nurse and telehealth”, “ role of the nurse in telehealth,” and*** The selection criteria of articles were English language and peer-reviewed articles. The specifics of articles used were within the last 10*** years, with a majority of them in the last 5*** years, incorporating all evidence levels, I to VII
5. Summary of research-based evidence:
   1. Yliluoma, P., & Palonen, M. (2020). Telenurses’ experiences of interaction with patients and family members: nurse–caller interaction via telephone.
      1. Nurses’ capabilities and communication skills, including their ability to listen and be sensitive to their patients, nurses’ control of the interaction to keep it relevant improved telephone interactions with the patients. However, background noises when a caller calls, communication problems such as inadequate communication, callers’ inappropriate behavior, inability to conduct an assessment, callers’ inability to describe the symptoms, issues such as family members providing different information than information provided by callers, technical issues, lack of appointments to accommodate all the callers, and long queues all these make it difficult to have effective interactions (Yliluoma & Palonen 2020). Level V1
   2. Mataxen, P. A., & Webb, L. D. (2019). Telehealth nursing: More than just a phone call.
      1. The article discusses that Telehealth is not just a phone call, but it is a resource for patients and families and nurses play an important role in providing those services to patients via technology. Nurses are a good resources, and they can provide effective care by using good communication skills and competencies (Mataxen & Webb, 2019). Level V
   3. Robeznieks, A. (2021). How to implement telehealth in your practice with equity in mind.
      1. Many people are interested in utilizing Telehealth but there are several barriers on both patients’ and clinicians’ sides. Patients lack digital skills and literacy, have no access to the internet, or limited data plan which makes it difficult to have a quality telehealth visit. Similarly, many healthcare settings are unable to provide video-enabled devices to their clinicians, use difficult apps, or have security issues (Robeznieks, 2021). (Expert Reviewed)
   4. Javanparast, S., Roeger L., Kwok Y., Reed RL. (2021). The experience of Australian general practice patients at high risk of poor health outcomes with telehealth during the COVID-19 pandemic: a qualitative study.
      1. This study explored the experiences of telehealth for vulnerable patients in general practice during the pandemic. The significant findings of this study concluded that patients are satisfied with telehealth for its convenience and efficiency. However, patients expressed that this only works if the patient and provider have already developed a relationship prior to the transformation of care. Another finding is that the common use of telehealth is for medication refills, follow-ups and reviewing diagnostic results. (Javaboarast, Kwok, Reed & Roeger, 2021) Level VI
   5. Song, Y., Reifsnider, E., Zhao, S., Xie, X., & Chen, H. (2020) A randomized controlled trial of the Effects of a telehealth educational intervention on medication adherence and disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis patients.
      1. This study is to explore the results of medication adherence rate and disease process on patients with rheumatoid arthritis via customized telehealth education versus patients discharged home with standard care instructions. The telehealth education includes disease process, treatment goals, how to take medication properly and side effects. The results of this study concluded that customized telehealth education after discharge leads to a better medication adherence rate and, therefore, better symptom control and prohibits the progression of the disease. (Chen, Reifsnider, Song, Xie & Zhao, 2020) Level II
   6. Asiri, A., AlBishi, S., AlMadani, W., ElMetwally, A., & Househ, M. (2018). The use of telemedicine in surgical care: A systematic review. Acta Informatica Medica, 26 (3), 201.
      1. Although telehealth is typically associated with remote care in therapy and related procedures, the paper by Asiri et al. (2018) establishes that telehealth can also be used in a surgical context. Specifically, the authors of the study prove the importance of incorporating telehealth as the device for patient evaluation after the surgery, thus, assessing the efficacy of the surgery and the extent of its success. Moreover, the threat of nosocomial infections and the associated concerns can be avoided with the help of the proposed technique. The study proves the role of telehealth in modern nursing.
   7. Ramaswamy, A., Yu, M., Drangsholt, S., Ng, E., Culligan, P. J., Schlegel, P. N., & Hu, J. C. (2020). Patient satisfaction with telemedicine during the COVID-19 pandemic: Retrospective cohort study. Journal of Medical Internet Research, 22 (9), e20786.
      1. The study assesses the extent of telehealth efficacy in the environment of the COVID-19 pandemic. According to the results of the study, the range of telehealth applications by APNs has expanded to embrace a variety of patient-specific needs, which has led to a rise in patient satisfaction rates. Compared to in-person visits, the use of telehealth has proven to be much more popular with patients as the tool that allows APNs to establish a rapport with the target population quickly. Moreover, the accuracy of the diagnosis and the opportunity to minimize medical errors when performing the assessment of a patient and to administer the required treatment have been noted as important factors in improving the performance of APNs.
6. Summary of expert evidence from professional organizations, experiences, or experts in the specialty
   1. The Future of Nursing: Leading Change, Advancing Health. Institute of Medicine. (2011)
      1. In the section “Examples of Redesigned Roles for Nurses”, the Department of Veterans Affairs recreated and extended nurses’ roles in the health care system to collaborate with Advanced Practice Registered Nurses, and the result exceeded its expectation. RNs are