With the details included in the yearly report, it might be simpler for an investor to ensure that they take into account all the crucial risk factors and financial performance indicators before making any particular decisions. The two main risk factors that presently impact HP are the Covid-19 pandemic and a strong reliance on third-party suppliers (HP Inc., 2022). For an investor, risk-related details are going to play a significant role due to the modifications that are going to influence (a) supply chain operations and (b) materials and products delivery, respectively.
Statement on Financial Position
In comparison to 2020, HP witnessed total net revenue increase by 12.1% due to increased sales of laptops and supplies. In the 10K Form presented by HP Inc. (2022), it can be observed that the gross margin rose by 2.7% as well, being pushed by favorable foreign currency impacts and numerous HP employees working from home. The company’s profit margin percentage equals 10.24% ($6,503 million profit; $63,487 million total revenue). Given the current state of affairs in the market, this 10% margin can be viewed as exceptionally robust, as smaller companies cannot be anticipated to perform as well during the pandemic. An appropriate debt financing source could be angel investors due to their extensive reach in the market and valuable connections with other stakeholders (Di Pietro, 2021). Conversely, it might be more challenging for HP to secure references from angel investors and uphold a strong relationship with them. One conceivable equity financing source could be stock funding, due to the capability to stay ahead of inflation and increased incomes from dividends and price appreciation (Singh, 2021). Nevertheless, HP could risk losing all of its sourcing and exposing itself to compete against experienced and institutional investors.
Stock
Figure 1. HP Inc. stock price variation: Six-month history.
As it is apparent from Figure 1, the stock price for HP Inc. began rising in December 2021. The two core reasons that contributed to the increase were (a) a strong PC market presence and (b) a much more steady operating margin. Those reasons stemmed from the pandemic and the necessity to equip workers from all over the world with reliable hardware.