According to Kant’s philosophy, the differentiation between an individual and an object traverses various fundamental criteria, mostly linked to autonomy and respect. An object is solely a method to limitation, that is, to any fulfillment, while humanity embodies fulfillment within itself. Humanity varies in its limitation from the vastness of the universe, but it is significant in itself and cannot be exploited as a method. This defines self-governance, that is, the autonomy of an individual. Implicit self-governance defines the internal capacity of an individual to accomplish anything and, consequently, the capacity to differentiate between virtue and malevolence. According to Kant, an individual, unlike an object, possesses a moral compass that is universal. It is due to the ability to grasp the notions of virtue and malevolence and employ them ethically that an individual deviates from an object. An individual cannot be exploited as a method and thus, unlike an object, holds no worth.
Respect should be recognized as an inherent and inalienable characteristic of any individual, irrespective of societal organizations, caste, and background. Simultaneously, respect is not solely an intrinsic notion since it is something that can be bestowed by one individual upon another, such as admiration or preference. This implies that the notion of human respect may not always be strictly inherent. Ideas regarding the transmission or intrinsic nature of respect can have a substantial impact on medical practice. A physician who believes it is they who bestow respect upon others by attending to them risks falling into fallacies that distort moral perceptions. Conversely, a medical practitioner who upholds equal human respect and deems it intrinsic can honor the patient’s autonomy. Nonetheless, this, in turn, can engender treatment quandaries if patient autonomy clashes with the professional ethics of the specialist. In any scenario, a medical professional who advocates human respect as an inalienable value adheres more closely to fundamental principles of bioethics like autonomy and fairness.
Through the futility of respect in medical practice, McLean suggests that discussing conditions for respect in bioethics solely diverts from the primary immediate aim of treatment. Somerville contends in her publication that when discourse in bioethics converges to a general consensus, the term respect appears advantageous and pertinent. If consensus is unattainable, the notion of respect is devalued and rendered futile. Nevertheless, the notion of respect can fluctuate and be twisted in a manner that the very respect of an individual will be degraded; there will be no respect in an individual. There exists a constructivist strategy to human perception, in which the individual must fulfill the standards to be truly human. This is the third scenario for this notion, in which the misapplication of this perspective becomes genuinely perilous.
An individual can be characterized by a higher consciousness and cognitive capacity, which dictates the understanding of their purpose on Earth and ethical standard. Nonetheless, certain individuals with cognitive impairments may hence not actually meet the criteria for being human. Consequently, their external respect will be diminished by those who believe that their internal respect is insignificant. This is a grave misstep in moral evaluation and is exceedingly hazardous for medical ethics. Furthermore, the issue of human respect emerges in the context of fetuses and embryos, which substantially complicates the dilemma of moral duty and granting respect to an individual in the event of an abortion procedure. Thus, the external respect of an individual emanates from the realm of social interaction and the stance of others towards an individual, which is most valuable in bioethics and medical practice. The pursuit of respect in every individual can assist a physician in making genuinely valuable ethical decisions and can guide other professionals in doing the same.