Neil Foley discusses the role of Mexican Americans in the history of the U.S. in Mexicans in the Creation of America. The writer expressed his perspective on these occurrences in the initial chapter, “The Beginning of Mexican America,” where he detailed the history of the emergence of Mexican Americans and the quiet dispute between the two nations. The author’s main argument is that the American government crafted an image of idle Mexican migrants who traverse the border to commit crimes and traffic illegal substances; this labeling also impacted Mexican Americans (Foley 34). However, the reality was that white colonizers from the southern states were unlawful intruders in Texas in the 1830s as they declined to adhere to the nation’s laws (Imery-Garcia 12). Bias against Mexican migrants and inhabitants was established in the 1846-1848 conflict and the treaty’s endorsement, which integrated Texas and Mexican residents into the U.S. territory and deprived them of their privileges.

It was fascinating to uncover from this chapter the standpoint of numerous individuals in the United States regarding Mexico as a nation of harsh and uneducated individuals. Indeed, it alludes to the forgotten memory of the Aztec Empire, the eradication of enslavement in Mexico much earlier than in the U.S., and the incorporation of Texas. The 1846-1848 conflict between the two nations was an unjust, aggressive move of the U.S. government toward a weaker neighbor, which underwent financial decline during that era (Foley 24). The fresh legislation post-conflict provided individuals the option of going back to Mexico or becoming U.S. citizens with officially equivalent rights that were not honored in practice (Gutiérrez 5). Consequently, most of them wished to be seen as Spanish Americans rather than individuals of Mexican lineage to evade labeling. I concur with the writer’s ultimate observation that this historical incident established not solely a political boundary between two neighbors but also led to subsequent misinterpretations in the interactions between the two countries.

In brief, the opening chapter in Foley’s Mexicans in the Creation of America delves into the inception of Mexican Americans. Specifically, it scrutinized the impact of the conflict between Mexico and the U.S. over Texas’s territory on the future political atmosphere between these nations. Altogether, the annexation of Texas harmed the ties between them, leading to the adverse judgment of Mexican migrant laborers and the wish of Mexican Americans to conceal their lineage.