This reality might be unexpected; nevertheless, the research conducted by the Pew Research Centre (2021) discloses that starting from 2015, the quantity of individuals utilizing mobile phones is gradually growing. More specifically, in 2015, mobile phones were utilized by 95 percent of participants, and in 2021 this figure rose by 2 percent (Pew Research Centre, 2021). Without a doubt, the increase is not significant, but still, it is present. What is even more intriguing, only 85 percent of participants use smartphones (Pew Research Centre, 2021). Therefore, it is an error to presume that mobile phones are remnants from a long time ago. Instead, individuals still require them, and the organization is capable of presenting a mobile phone of good quality and reasonable cost. Mobile phones are typically employed in firms as a method of communication among workers. The issue is that since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, numerous organizations transfer a substantial portion of workers to remote work. Individuals who work remotely are more likely to utilize personal smartphones and messengers to communicate with co-workers. From an alternate viewpoint, the circumstance is gradually returning to normal, and the transition of workers to remote work could be deemed a momentary challenge to our concept. To enhance the competitiveness of the product, it is imperative to concentrate on its technical features. Since 2019, American enterprises have extensively introduced 5G smartphones (Gallagher & DeVine, 2019). 5G gadgets transmit signals 10 times faster in contrast to 4G ones. Hence, it is crucial to integrate this 5G technology into our new mobile phone. To evaluate whether there will be a demand for our freshly developed mobile phones, we should survey potential consumers. The survey will encompass qualities of the company's and rivals' mobile phones. The participants are mandated to select between the proposed choices. The organization targets both companies and individual consumers. One of the most efficient methods to access this audience is to utilize paid promotion in media (Silva et al., 2020). This technique would aid in boosting the traffic on MM's website and, thus, advertise the mobile phone. An illustration of paid promotion is advertisements on websites and in search engines. Concerning social media, the organization should favor posting commercials on Facebook and Twitter, as Instagram and YouTube are less prevalent among the target audience comprising working adults and entrepreneurs. One of the elements of business analysis is to determine the goals of the company. The crucial objective of our organization is to produce a mobile phone with enhanced technical features and a more budget-friendly cost to be competitive in the market of communication devices. Another element of business analysis pertains to identifying the stakeholders of a business. The stakeholders of MM are consumers of the mobile phone, mobile network providers, MM's staff, and the search engine through which the new product is publicized. Other significant stakeholders are the partners and suppliers who manufacture components of mobile phones. First and foremost, the organization is acknowledged for fabricating devices of superior quality. Concerning the new mobile phone, it aims to amplify the quality and diminish the price to the maximum extent feasible. The company, unlike other giants in this sector such as Apple or Samsung, does not aim to escalate the price solely because of its brand. The target customers of MM are men and women over 30 years old residing in the US and earning no less than $60,000 per annum. The largest segment of the target audience comprises owners of small, medium, and large enterprises. The primary rationale for this is that a consumer might find it more convenient to utilize a smartphone instead of a mobile phone. For this cause, the objective of the advertising campaign is to clarify to the audience the benefits of mobile phones and convince it to employ mobile phones in the workplace.