The decades amid 1901 and 2000 furnish adequate proof of the Surrealists’ artwork. The conflicting circumstances between dreaming and reality are the justification behind the inception of surrealism. According to Anirudh (2017), the surrealism movement comprised literature and visual arts that gained attention between World War I and two. Surrealists instigated a philosophical and artistic movement that scrutinized the operations of the mind throughout the 20th century. Artists aspired to alter people’s lives by attaining a balance between a logical comprehension of life and one that acknowledged the subconscious and the influence of dreams. To visually showcase their imaginations, many surrealists now utilize automatic drawing or writing. In the past, artists employed mysticism, ancient cultures, and indigenous art knowledge to link with their minds. This essay will analyze surrealism, the purpose behind Surrealists’ movements, and how cultures and dreams can be deciphered through artwork.
The purpose with Surrealists was to endorse mind liberation as well as artistic expression freedom. Artists aimed to demonstrate that what a person conceives or what is in the mind can be drawn out through art. Various forms of art such as strange have been exceedingly successful in advocating artwork by attempting to express diverse mind conditions. Surrealists endeavored to delve into the unconscious mindset to mirror the creative potential. Specialists who disdained rationalism and literary realism and were heavily impacted by psychoanalysis believed that the logical mind stifled the power of the imagination by enforcing prohibitions. The Surrealists’ aspiration to tap into the unconscious mind, along with their interests in myth and primitivism, influenced many subsequent surrealism movement groups and styles existing today.
The timing of Surrealists’ artwork was effective because it correlated with what was transpiring throughout the century. Max Ernst (1923) utilized an unbalanced armor figure to illustrate how authority could be ousted at any moment. Ernst’s art was punctual because the government during that period was combating colonization and independence, hence exposed to security instability. The Persistence of Memory artwork by Salvador Dali (1931) discloses the pliable and rigid facets of life. At the moment of release, Dali indicated the necessity to evaluate and use time wisely as situations could promptly reverse. Surrealism is significant today because it enables individuals to accomplish things they haven't been able to achieve since its inception (Omerovic, 2021). Surrealism was a literary, intellectual, and artistic movement that pursued a revolution against the confinements of the logical mind and was influenced by the writings of psychologists.
In conclusion, surrealism aimed to alter human experience by discarding a rational perspective of reality in favor of one that underscored the significance of the subconscious and dreams. Surrealists unearthed the allure in the unforeseen and the eerie, the spurned and the unconventional mindsets. Surrealism activists aimed to seize the unconscious state of mind to mirror in paintings. Artists who were influenced by psychoanalysis and abhorred rationality and literary realism believed that the logical mind restricted the power of the imagination by establishing cultural taboos. Surrealism has been one of the most influential and rebellious movements of the twentieth century, blooming in the 1920s and 1930s, while offering space for enhancements. Surrealism aimed to access the subconscious mind and transmute the train of thought into art. The art industry has an array of specializations in which artists selected and principal professions, surrealism is one among the specializations.