Introduction
Assessment information is one of the primary factors in decision-making in various areas of public life. The data containing outcomes of assessment procedures provides a specific description of the pros and cons of various processes, working performance of staff, the efficiency of production, and more. Consequently, the criteria for the assessment methods are high as they must be dependable to act as the foundation for implementing changes, uncovering weaknesses, and formulating new strategies for the advancement of different life areas. Though assessment information may be subjective or non-representative, it is a vital source of concentrated details, which is essential for individuals of various professions to make prompt decisions when needed.
Assessment Process from the Integrated Theory of Impact Perspective
Assessment as human activity has several aspects that influence it and have impacted its shaping in the past. Firstly, it is a language utilized for assessment, which influences the understanding of all the judgments and interpretations and thus determines the impact of such assessment (Kirkhart, 2000). Regarding the unique elements of the language that enable assessors to express their viewpoint in a specific manner, suspending objectives concerning people’s viewpoint on the information, they can even be unseen (Hopson, 2000). Thus, the process of assessment itself can be negatively influenced by the assessors who use it unfairly.
Regarding the development of the assessment as a process that initiates significant consequences, the primary aspect in its evolution is the following. An integrated theory of impact was formulated to establish a new framework for assessment processes and make them more profound (Kirkhart, 2000). The theory considers three aspects – “source of impact, intention, and time frame” (Kirkhart, 2000, p. 8). An integrated theory of impact takes into account both the process of evaluating its repercussions or utilizing the assessment information.
Assessment information is beneficial in numerous situations as evaluation of any kind always leads to consequences such as making decisions and triggering changes. Concerning the theory of impact, this type of information has a wide range of implementation opportunities. Kirkhart (2000) mentions two types of impact of the assessment information on all the connected areas – process-based and results-based. Hence, though the interpretation of assessment results is a distinct process, assessment information determines the directions of future development of both the processes (operational performance) and objectives (strategic performance).
Furthermore, assessment information can influence different processes through another aspect related to it – intention. This signifies that the intentions of the primary assessment process are not less crucial than the process itself because they partly mirror the aims of the assessor (Hopson, 2000). In other words, the assessment intentionally relies on the objectives of the individual who conducts it (Kirkhart, 2000). Consequently, stakeholders of the assessment process may influence its outcome by articulating the specific request.
On the other hand, the impact of the intention of the assessment process is not confined to the scenario described above. According to Kirkhart (2000), the intention of influencing the processes linked to the object of assessment may be unintentional. More precisely, this form of impact is even more influential and may bring about more potent and profound changes than the intended assessment. Therefore, stakeholders of the assessment process may be influenced in a completely unforeseen manner, signifying that assessment is a phenomenon that assessors cannot entirely control though they initiate it.
Additionally, the impact of assessment may differ depending on the time. To be more specific, assessment outcomes may vary in a short-term and long-term perspective and diverge significantly (Kirkhart, 2000). However, this fact only underscores the significance of assessment information and its functionality for the party that uses it. Hence, management of the business, members of state structures, and ordinary people may experience the effect of the evaluation in a wide range of ways, unexpectedly, at any time, because it cannot be controlled.
The usefulness of assessment is best articulated by the fact that it is widely employed by the business. Pinch (2009) asserts it is challenging to conceive of an organization that does not utilize assessment. Nonetheless, concerning business, assessment processes often become overused, rendering assessment information not a valuable tool of performance evaluation but a negatively perceived obligatory routine (Pinch, 2009). Simultaneously, if the assessment occurs regularly and the collected information is systematized, the assessment becomes research that can be beneficial for business or any other interested party (Pinch, 2009). Hence, the factor is significant for the efficiency of the assessment procedure and its positive influence on the evaluated unit because it mirrors the level of dedication of individuals to their field of activity. Moreover, the higher the level of professionalism of the person who interprets the assessment data, and the better are the prospects of the evaluated object. In other words, individuals impact the assessment outcomes more powerfully than they assume in both positive and negative ways.
Assessment is a crucial tool in research and drawing conclusions. Therefore, the assessment of informational research systems may have broader consequences than commonly thought, as we exist in the era of information (Saracevic, 1995). Due to the incapacity of some systems to ensure their safety and reliability, the assessment immediately displayed its significance for the early information research systems (Saracevic, 1995). Then, under the influence of assessment information, the information research systems were developed to better match the users’ needs (Saracevic, 1995). Additionally, the standards regarding the level of reliability of specific sources of information and their relevance have been formulated due to the surge of the information flow (‘Information literacy ~ IEM’ , 2021). Nowadays, IR systems have proven their functionality and tremendous capacity to aid researchers in finding the required information – and this has occurred because the assessment processes were appropriately utilized, aiming at positive changes.
The array of opportunities to employ assessment to achieve particular aims is nearly unlimited because every human-related process can be standardized and categorized. For instance, assessment can be utilized in higher education to compute and compare the effectiveness of different types of testing of the students’ knowledge (Jonson et al., 2014). Despite the field of use, assessment has undergone drastic alterations during its evolution and has been redefined and questioned to better comprehend its effects (Cummings, 2002). Thus, with the utilization of the integrated theory of impact, assessment processes are one of the primary sources of information for decision-making.
Conclusion
Overall, the integrated theory of impact portrays the system of assessment regardless of the area of its implementation, the number of individuals involved, and the specific conditions of the situation. This theory illustrates the interrelation of the potential effects of assessment processes in general and the utilization of the information gathered as a consequence of the assessment process. The variety of opportunities to influence the object of assessment, employees of the company, citizens of the state, or any other group, subject, or process intentionally or unintentionally unveils the functionality of the assessment process. Therefore, assessment information can be beneficial in many business instances for formulating solutions to problems at the governmental level or just evaluating the students’ level of proficiency in a subject.