Preamble
Intel Corporation (Intel) is a maker of semiconductor computer circuits situated in the United States. Intel, also recognized as “Integrated electronics,”- the company’s title, is situated in Santa Clara, California. The business functions through segments such as The Internet of Things Group (IOTG) and Mobileye (Hall, 2021). It markets platform wares, including chipsets and the central processing units and system-on-a-chip and multichip packages. Furthermore, the company offers high-performance computing solutions for embedded and vertical applications in the retail, industrial, and healthcare markets, as well as solutions for assisted and autonomous driving that involve computer vision. It also provides platforms that optimized workload and related solutions to cloud service providers, business and government customers, and communications service providers. Cloud services providers, original design, and equipment manufacturers are all served by the company. Intel Corporation has formed a strategic agreement to utilize and develop artificial intelligence approaches for improving drug discovery. The paper describes the Supply Chain ESG as how Intel corporation creates a positive impact on the global environment.
Intel Code of Conduct (COC)
The Code of Conduct sets the company’s standards for how it organizes its activities to produce and deliver products, safeguards the value of Intel and its subsidiaries, and interacts with customers, suppliers, and distributors. When executing Intel-related business, it is the duty of every individual at Intel to adhere to the code, the employment guidelines, and other relevant regulations. The company conducts business with unwavering ethical standards and honesty, treating distributors, suppliers, customers, fairness, respect, and honesty in all business interactions.
Intel and its subsidiaries demand all employees to fully comply with internal investigations, encompassing the provision of truthful information, except where the act would lead to revealing the participation of the in concerted activity under the National Labor Relations Act of the United States. Staff who fail to do so may face disciplinary action, encompassing termination, depending on the applicable local legislation (Hall, 2021). Employee involvement in inquiries into suspected violations of the United States National Labor Relations Act is voluntary, albeit encouraged.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Intel’s commitment to sustainability leadership and corporate responsibility is deeply embedded in the company’s culture. The company not only establishes an inclusive and positive work environment where every staff member feels like they have a sense of belonging and a voice but is also proactive in its initiatives to minimize its environmental impact by using natural materials and resources efficiently and responsibly. The company also aims to use its leading position in the global digital ecosystem to aid the industry and company in achieving more progress in corporate responsibility, encompassing governance, social impact, and environmental sustainability. Intel’s 2030 “RISE” strategy aims to utilize the company’s leading position in the global technology ecosystem to build a more inclusive, sustainable, and responsible society, powered by technology and employees’ skills and enthusiasm (Ganusov, Iyer, Cheng, & Meisler, 2020). It aims to double the number of females and the minority groups underrepresented in higher employment ranks over the following decade.
Supply chain responsibility
Effectively managing and enhancing performance throughout the company’s supply chain reduces risks, improves product quality, and assists the staff in meeting the social and environmental objectives of the company. This adds value to the business and its consumers. Intel has several rigorous initiatives to educate and train the suppliers that support the company’s worldwide manufacturing activities to ensure that the supply chain is responsible, respectful of human rights, and resilient.
The company’s accelerating responsible standards and accountability across sectors via leadership and partnership with suppliers. Intel’s global strategy of supply chain aims to establish a responsible, robust, and varied supply chain that allows customers to build data-driven technological solutions, suppliers, stakeholders, consortia, and fellow travelers (Bowersox, 2019). Intel collaborates with roughly 9,000 tier-one suppliers in 89 states to deliver direct production materials, intellectual property, manufacturing equipment, machinery, delivery, and travel services, packing services, office supplies, and software (Ganusov et al., 2020). Other companies produce, assemble, and test some of the corporation’s products and components.
Environmental Sustainability
Intel has developed technology critical to addressing the world’s sustainability challenges. The business is always seeking innovative ways to enhance energy management and reduce emissions, encompassing conservation, efficient building design, renewable energy, and other initiatives (Bowersox, 2019). The company considers key issues such as smart energy efficiency regulations, policies aimed at managing chemicals, and climate change solutions.
Chemical Management Policies
Chemicals are crucial to semiconductor industry innovation. Intel is committed to chemical management that protects its employees and the environment. The company’s chemical policy aligns with the protection of the environment, chemical safety, and technological innovation in the United States. Advances in chemistry and materials science drive Intel’s technical innovation. Intel’s manufacturing competitiveness relies on the chemical suppliers’ ability to get novel chemicals authorized quickly, ensure the continuity of supply of current chemicals, and safeguard their intellectual property.
Solutions to Enable Climate Change
Information and communications technology (ICT) devices powered by Intel silicon chips can help drive end-use energy efficiency advancements, resulting in significant reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. The company’s technology enables others to reduce their footprint, which the company refers to as the impact of the “Handprint.” Government policy should recognize and encourage the ICT industry to play a greater role in developing climate change adaptation and mitigation strategies.
Intel’s corporate responsibility goals include total reliance on renewable energy and producing zero waste by 2030. According to the company reports, many of the corporation’s 2020 goals were also achieved. It recycles over 90% of its waste and sends virtually no hazardous material to landfills. According to the Intel code of conduct report (2021), the quantity of greenhouse gases it emits has decreased by around 30% since 2010. However, annual emissions have increased somewhat since 2016 as the company has grown. According to the business, it reduced its water use by 38%, saving 44 billion gallons over the last decade (Intel code of conduct report, 2021). It will be a larger struggle to reduce those emissions, which Intel claims it is doing by attempting to make its devices more energy efficient.
Efficiency Regulations of Smart Energy