The establishment of intelligent gadgets incited further progress in this domain, leading to the rise of the Internet of things. Such gadgets are managed similarly using mobile apps, which generates extra origins of issues with the security of their functioning. As a majority of consumers lack technology security knowledge, this issue presents a danger to users (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Furthermore, there are no accessible and clear security guidelines for such Internet things that could impact the purchase decision. Consequently, the article pinpoints the main security dangers, illustrates prior efforts to construct a ranking structure, and proposes developed pathways in this domain.
The initial such gadgets commenced appearing in 1985, gradually boosting the consumption rate, but by 2006, many were noticeably anxious about the security of these gadgets. As they were managed by Internet entry, they could be effortlessly compromised (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). 40% of households have at least five gadgets with Internet entry, and the identical 40% have at least one gadget with various vulnerabilities (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Numerous authors and works are mentioned in the article, where diverse loopholes and issues of the Internet of Things are verified. Simultaneously, there were suitable safety tags, but the consumer could scarcely comprehend them without the suitable profound knowledge.
Determining the comparative safety of gadgets of this kind is a relatively intricate multi-criteria task, especially considering the distinct orientations of each of these gadgets. The models under examination often embraced a hierarchical analytical process as a technique for resolving such multiobjective issues (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). This approach can unite qualitative and quantitative features of a gadget, assess internal consistency, and have a clear framework for comparing gadgets against criteria.
The article suggests the establishment of such a safety rating with the requirement of its comprehensibility for the end-user. Such an approach will establish a criterion by which the user will make a more informed decision about the purchase. The method is also founded on AHP, proposing new solutions and insights in methodology building (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Ultimately, the article also provides an instance of the application of this technique.
AHP is a goal-oriented approach against which criteria are constructed. Each criterion has its weight compared to others or relative precedence. Based on the precedence of criteria or sub-criteria, their contribution to the overall goal is assessed. This approach is widely utilized in various cyber security systems, information security, decision validation, web applications, cloud storage, networks, and mobile apps (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). The methods frequently focus on privacy, attack prevention, authentication, security, access, and integration.
Most intelligent systems or gadgets in an intelligent household cooperate with cloud storage and a service provider. Moreover, wireless data transmission methods are utilized: Wi-fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Accordingly, given that each gadget is unique in its tasks, the task of the security risk assessment is to identify the main commonalities for the purpose of an integrated approach. Recently, there has also been a tendency to use third-party local gadgets as a gateway, access to which can be restricted by the user, and as a result, their use is more secure. Additionally, most gadgets offer mobile apps to manage them.
What are the common vulnerabilities of consumer smart home gadgets when viewed as IoT peripherals? What are common network vulnerabilities when used with smart home gadgets? What are the common vulnerabilities of the cloud when used with smart home gadgets? What are common application vulnerabilities when used with smart home gadgets? (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022).
To evaluate this issue, the article’s authors turned to the most researched and frequently used digital libraries that provide functionality for various technologies and gadgets. Peripherals are attacked by potential Internet entry and default passwords, undocumented Secure Shell, end-to-end network layer delays, and more (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Consequently, attackers can gain access to control, listen and write personal data. If many privileges are granted to such gadgets, they pose a danger in their functioning, and if an attacker can replace the voice, then in matters of control over them. Many companies cannot continue supporting the gadget due to closures or the creation of new models, which also raises the issue of security.
Dangers can occur at the network level, hardware, cloud, and mobile. It is suggested to change passwords more frequently, update gadget software, and introduce additional authentication steps on the network. Developers use machine learning to detect third-party intrusions. Cloud security is related to the threats of information transactions between the gadget and the cloud. It is also recommended to search for alternative ways to deliver information to the cloud if a threat is detected on the main one, the same additional authentication methods, and diversification of different cloud providers (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). With smartphones, end-users should also change passwords more frequently, preventing the threat of resource restriction and information leakage through similar apps and other things using a firewall.
The authors propose a security system with criteria for countering the principal types of danger: applications, hardware level, cloud, and network. Then these criteria were given priority ratings, after which the comparative safety of the gadget is calculated using formulas. As a result, suitable sub-criteria were selected for each criterion, and a computational experiment was presented for a pairwise comparison of gadget security performance (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Consequently, the end-user will receive comparative percentages for the four selected criteria and will be able to make an informed choice of the best gadget.
The authors argue that although only one empirical study was evaluated with this model in this article, it can be adapted for other gadgets. The model’s flexibility is explained by a preliminary study conducted on the sources of vulnerabilities in most gadgets in the smart home (Allifah & Zualkernan, 2022). Sufficiently wide multi-criteria sub-criteria, each having its weight, make the system universal regardless of the operational purpose of the gadget.