Iran is a theocratic republic in the Middle East (ME) and one of the most contentious states in the region. A varied population includes many ethnic groups, such as Persian, Azerbaijani, Gilaki, and others, being a substantial element contributing to the development of the highly fractured society with diverse interests and political aspirations. The persistent instability in the state, the attempts to acquire weapons of mass destruction as well as Iran’s association with the terrorist groups, provide plausible reasons to debate its backing of global terrorism. This essay will scrutinize the reasons for Iran’s involvement, the state’s foreign policy, and its backing for the specific terrorist groups, which influence the ME as well as the entire world.
Due to the specific features of the theocratic regimes, in the instance of Iran, the tendency towards terrorism can be elucidated by two pillars of the Islamic doctrine underlining the constitution. Firstly, the duty to support jihad – the holy war waged on behalf of Islam as a religious obligation. Secondly, the mission to spread the Muslim faith, which is demonstrated in supporting the proxy organizations. Since the establishment of the Islamic Republic of Iran in 1979 as a consequence of the Iranian Revolution orchestrated by the Mujahedin-e-Khalq (MEK), the secular regime of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was overthrown. Thus, the Islamic principles in the regime started to play an even more pivotal guiding role under the religious leader Ayatollah Khomeini.
Beyond the aforementioned Islamic motives, the crucial consequences for Iran’s foreign policy culminate in the anti-US and anti-Israel actions, posing a threat to their citizens. In Bush’s speech in 2002, he labeled Iran an ‘axis of evil,’ thus, accusing the state of the animosity. However, already in 1989, after Khomeini’s call to kill Rushdie, the British author, the relations between the Western powers and Iran were not favorable. According to Spindlove&Simonsen (2018), the US regards Iran as the primary sponsor of terrorism and indicates the impossibility of establishing normal relations between the states until the alterations in Iran’s behavior. The relations with the state in the region are complicated by the propagation of Islam as well as by the explicit desire to obliterate Israel.
The specific instances of Iran’s involvement in sponsoring international terrorism can be observed in the ME region and the West. Iran aided Hamas and Palestine Islamic Jihad (PIJ) with the weaponry, training, and resources, whereas the primary beneficiary of Iran’s backing for terror has been Lebanese Hezbollah. The assault on the Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia, the breach of Arab-Israeli ceasefires, and intervention in almost every state of the region are evident examples of the state-sponsored terrorism in the Middle East, contributing to the continuous unrest in the area. The Qods Force is another prominent actor providing military aid in troubled regions, including espionage and assassination. As for the terrorism outside the region, Iran has a link with 9/11, as it was the original source of the Commission Report. Their aiding and abetting Al Qaeda and the involvement of Hezbollah in the attack led to one of the most catastrophic terrorist assaults in the Western world.
In conclusion, Iran’s involvement in international terrorism is indisputable and can be expounded through various factors, with special attention to the government’s Islamic regime. The actions of the state in the Middle East as well as beyond the region led to numerous conflicts, uprisings, and casualties, contributing to the upheaval of the world order.