Vitamin D performs a noteworthy function in controlling phosphorus and calcium absorption in our bones. Apart from this regulation, the nutrient is also crucial in enabling communication among cells within our bodies. Another importance of vitamin D in the body is that it can be produced when exposed to sunlight. These attributes differentiate the vitamin from other nutrients since it can be acquired from sun exposure besides food and dietary supplements. What distinguishes vitamin D from other nutrients and arguably makes it a super nutrient is that, unlike other nutrients, it can be obtained through exposure to the sun. Sun exposure is the most efficient way the vitamin can be acquired (Klioze, 2017). The potential magic linked with the nutrient is that it functions as a potential hormone in over a dozen of cells and tissues throughout the body. In doing so, the vitamin aids the body in regulating crucial gene expression and promptly activates the already-expressed proteins and enzymes (Klioze, 2017). For instance, in the heart, vitamin D attaches to a particular receptor of the same vitamin, producing a calming protective effect. With a substantial amount of research on the nutrient concentrating on the importance of the vitamin on overall health, some epidemiological studies have revealed a deficiency flood of vitamin D. According to the read report; discoveries indicate that between 50 and 75 percent of Americans have inadequate vitamin D levels in their bodies (Feldman et al., 2018). A growing body of proof indicates that an individual’s likelihood for optimal health is enhanced if the nutrient levels are sufficient and vice versa. Nonetheless, it is crucial to note that “Just because low vitamin D and disease are correlated does not imply that one causes the other” (Feldman et al., 2018). Conversely, the same scientific documents have illustrated that about 75 percent of breast and colon cancer can be avoided by maintaining ample vitamin D levels (Klioze, 2017). Several causes exist why vitamin deficiency is prevalent in the U.S. and globally. Dissimilar to other vitamins, vitamin D is one of the scarce nutrients the body can create. However, in contrast to the others, 40 percent of body exposure to ultraviolet B rays, between 15 and 30 minutes, leads to the production of 20,000 IU of the nutrient (Klioze, 2017). Startling statistics disclose that significantly few foods and supplements contain the same quantities of vitamin D happening naturally. Except for sardines, mackerel, salmon, and tunas, daily intake of any other food leads to inadequate vitamin D levels in the body. Paradoxically, an eight-ounce glass of milk can only provide 100 IU of the nutrient with a similar quantity obtained in a bowl of fortified cereals (Feldman et al., 2018). Together, both a glass of milk and cereals can only yield 200 IU of vitamin D, a one-tenth amount that can be acquired from thirty minutes under the sun (Feldman et al., 2018). Hence, it becomes physically implausible to consume your way out of vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D is arguably swiftly evolving into a super nutrient, with its significance growing exponentially in the past few decades. Scientific research indicates that inadequate vitamin D can be linked with widespread health repercussions. However, as demonstrated, just because low vitamin D and disease are associated does not mean that one triggers the other. Conversely, by maintaining sufficient vitamin D levels, some major health complications can be averted.