The presented Canadian viewpoint on the temporary schedule of the North Atlantic Council appears to address fundamental aspects that relate to Canadian safety. Enhanced participation in global peace missions and the upkeep of strong connections with other NATO allies, notably remarkable is the intelligent defense strategy that takes into account the military and financial requirements of Canada. Nevertheless, it is challenging to assess the degree of the Syrian hazard to Canadian concerns amidst the coronavirus pandemic, which appears to persist even now. Hence, it would be crucial to reconsider the suggested inquiry for a more efficient method in safeguarding Canadian interests. Nonetheless, this measure safeguards the concerns of both Israel and Canada and will have a positive influence on their association. Moreover, it is noticeable how the Canadian administration is ready to collaborate concerning the withdrawal of soldiers from Iraq if the formal plea were to be submitted. This declaration itself likely contributes to the global perception of Canadian humanitarianism, although the extent of such an enhancement in perception is debatable.
The emphasis on developing commercial relationships and strong bonds with other NATO nations could be viewed as the most crucial element that Israel might recognize. Israel’s national security has encountered years of different risks, which encompassed terrorism, rockets, and existential atomic threats (Freilich, 2018). Nonetheless, the previous national security policy (NSS) is absent in the nation as the initial document of NSS was formulated in 1953 (Freilich, 2018). Nevertheless, the nation is more stable than ever before due to the political and military alliances it establishes active trade pacts with various influential nations such as the USA, China, Russia, Germany, Canada, Poland, and India (Freilich, 2018). Currently, the nation demonstrates significant regional authority and is capable of flourishing due to the seven-decade-old strategy.