Korean Renowned Culture and the Vending of Location by Youjeong Oh scrutinizes the utilization of K-pop melodies and Korean soap operas with a goal to endorse the countryside and metropolitan areas in South Korea. To aid this, the book presents a framework perspective on methods in which South Korea has assertively utilized several facets such as K-pop, K-drama, Korean cuisine, cosmetic surgery, and sightseeing to formulate multiple tactics. Furthermore, the book elaborates on the vital connection between urban development and Hallyu. It employs an academic standpoint to highlight the role of Korean towns through its creation of television and music programs to enhance their reputations and allure tourists. The book accomplishes this by recording, contextualizing, and leveraging visuals to reinforce the storyline of Korean culture.
Pop Metropolis examines that popular culture showcases location vending facilitated with two distinct spheres: Korean worldwide expansion and political concentration of Korean culture. In line with the book, the regional elections implemented in the 1990s heightened the aspirations among the municipalities to enhance and publicize their countryside regions. An excellent illustration is Wando County, a rural hamlet that invested roughly $8 million and utilized its historical spots to produce a K-drama that led to a surge of 50 million sightseers with an income of $160 million in 2008 (Oh, 2018). The same scenario has been applied in other rural zones where they utilize Korean entertainment to draw in foreign visitors and backers. The elected municipal leaders also demonstrate the political dimension. The municipal council holds the authority to approve the city and governor’s financial plan. With such power and mandate, they have had the capability to endorse drama sponsorships. It signifies that the local administration has a political consolidation to dominate the decision-making procedure without the citizens’ agreement.
Additionally, Pop Metropolis scrutinizes the course of culture showcased location promotion. The book demonstrates that the metropolitan areas in Korea are fashioned and merchandised in a comparable manner K-pop and K-drama are publicized using breathtaking visuals instead of the cultural and physical attributes that exist. For instance, the Anseong city attempted to commercialize to be included in the television program the Baudeogi; the city allocated $9 million to enhance the district and assure that the city’s cultures are prominent, such as dancing, singing, acrobatics, and circus acts (Oh, 2018). The move was invalidated as the locals argued “that the expenditure of taxpayers’ money should be cautious, the local council, in particular, requested a formal process to gather citizens’ extensive opinions.” (Oh, 2018). Nonetheless, it is crucial to note that most of the K-dramas have displayed various marketing regions through pseudohistory, synthetic images, and contrived portrayal that establishes a fantasy of reality. Thus, Pop Metropolis has shown vending locations through the consumer exploitative, image-based, and speculative nature of the Korean pop culture. It boosts shaping the commercialization of the rural and urban regions.
Moreover, Pop Metropolis illustrates the rationales K-pop is a prevalent form of amusement worldwide. K-pop is prevalent as the production incorporates attractive images that establish an intimacy that is enticing to the consumers; it encompasses visual excellence, associated commodities, and idolized venues (Oh, 2018). It enables the consumers to foster a connection with the television program. Secondly, they employ an idolized system that greatly influences K-pop. In Korea, entertainment companies strategically create idols who appear in movies, television shows, soap operas, and music. It asserts that “When launching a new idol group, the gihoeksa invests a substantial amount of effort in crafting distinctive and marketable images for it.” (Oh, 2018). The idols are utilized as marketing products that are employed to captivate the consumer’s mind and merchandise the designed items such as K-pop sites, music, soap opera, and goods. The success of the idols towards the competitive market boosts profit generation.
Furthermore, the book illustrates the varied facets of utilizing human geography to market Korea’s metropolitan zones and K-pop. It defined human geography as “emotional engagement with a place turns visitors into agents of value creation on its behalf—that is, into facilitators of location vending.” (Oh, 2018). It underscores that for a consumer to engage with K-pop music and K-drama, the entertainment needs to be imbued with the consumer’s emotions and physical encounters. These aspects can be attained from different locations through exhibiting emotions of desires, love, yearning, and tensions. Hence, it elucidates how tourists visit the K-pop music and K-drama sites to engage in an interpersonal and precognitive manner, as demonstrated in the emotions of these pop. Human geography plays a pivotal role in popular culture, capitalizing on these emotional attributes and the way humans enact, feel, and extend their cultural engagement with the physical site.
Furthermore, the book examines the extension of Hallyu disclosure through linking with the urban placing. According to the reading, the Korean culture industry commenced during the existence of Hallyu due to the unforeseen global recognition of the Korean culture that was steered by the acquisition of the new markets. For instance, the K-drama series Jewel in the palace created in 2003 reached over 60 countries (Oh, 2018). It influenced the industry to expand by attracting new industry participants such as recording labels, entertainment management companies, producers, and idols. It acknowledges that the supply rather than the demand propels the Hallyu craze. It is because “Despite the risks involved in the oversupplied race, both the cultural producers and place marketers appear confident because of the sheer amount of uncertainty involved.” (Oh, 2018). It is also a result of increased financial channels. Since there is an oversupply of Hallyu talent, the industry tends to invest in the surplus value without generating any tangible benefits to society. For instance, K-pop takes advantage of the existing culture without investing in it.
In conclusion, Korean Renowned Culture and the Vending of Location by Youjeong examines the Korean wave from a distinct viewpoint from K-cuisine, K-pop, K-drama, style, sightseeing, and cosmetic surgery. All these components of Korean culture have boosted the marketing and vending of Korea’s culture and venues globally. The book has achieved this by recognizing that popular culture showcases location vending mediates through two distinct spheres: Korean worldwide expansion and political consolidation. The political consolidation is attained through the local administration possessing the authority to promote their regions through drama sponsorships. Conversely, the worldwide aspects are depicted on the K-pop potency to utilize their culture to earn profit and merchandise the site. Such reasoning and documentation of the book with corroborating proof establish a well-designed, innovative, and imaginative reading. It is commendable to any reader intrigued by the Korean culture, urban development, and sociology of the Hallyu.