There are numerous distinct scientific approaches to language studies; one of them is the prescriptive technique. This principle can generally be characterized as a set of rules that prescribe speaking or writing. Crystal (1987) mentions that prescriptivism is a viewpoint that selects one of the interpretations of a language as the standard and extends it to the entire society. This variation is most frequently found in formal speech and literature. An alternative viewpoint is a descriptive approach based not on standards but on the actual situation. The advocate of this method simply describes the facts of linguistic diversity (Crystal, 1987). They act as an observer, not limited by the official framework.
Although these methods are contrary in meaning, each of them can be applied in the appropriate context. Crystal (1987) mentions that exploring these methods often leads to an unrealistic portrayal of the opposite side, the formation of bias and confrontation. However, both approaches should coexist, combining the positive aspects of each other. While the prescriptive approach enables the design of society to be organized, the descriptive approach permits the recording of actual language changes (Crystal, 1987). This, in turn, enables combining logic and the natural order of things.
Nevertheless, not all language changes are received positively due to misunderstandings. The clearest example is the belief that change signifies deterioration, as the old generation consistently grumbles (Crystal, 1987). Furthermore, language changes are linked with a decline in the quality of education and the adverse impact of the media. Nonetheless, the author selects adequate counterarguments to all these concerns. The elders are always resentful of change, as evidenced by historical correspondence. Decline in the quality of education and social tension arises only if these changes occur suddenly.
Nevertheless, such instances are exceedingly rare, so I concur with these remarks. As Crystal (1987) highlights, it is typical for the older generation to dislike the modern world, as demonstrated by the literature. The influence of the media and the quality of education is not always necessarily connected to direct language changes. Therefore, my endorsement of this position is based on the fact that people usually fear change. Most individuals require the constancy of developed habits and methodologies in life. However, language change is a natural process that is not subject to official structures and is shaped along with society and its most progressive members.