Alterations in the global management paradigm have impacted one of the most crucial aspects of management – the leadership procedure. The technological and information revolution has resulted in the reality that most enterprises have the capability to expand their operations to a worldwide level. This granted the leaders, on one side, the chance to access global markets. Conversely, it caused the necessity to formulate business modifications in a manner that the corporation was prepared to prevail over an unlimited number of rivals at every phase of progress. This suggests the primary demand for a prospective business leader: a corporate mission that does not allow for the pursuit of global dominance will not lead to triumph. Hence, the formulation of modification should be rooted in the objective of attaining global dominance, which primarily relates to cultural management abilities. No one can dispute the reality that cultural disparities have a notable influence on the conduct and deeds of a leader. Predicated on this, it becomes quite evident that these variances are usually mirrored in the approaches of allocating work time, decision-making, and techniques of encouragement. The notion of leadership is an essential component in the framework of international connections, which significantly shapes the trajectory of the world’s political and economic mechanisms. As per Ratanjee (2021), “the subject of cultivating a global outlook and exposing leaders to multicountry and multicultural encounters is gaining escalating interest” (pp. 2). It is apparent that transformational leadership in the leadership process is highly recommended for forthcoming leaders. Bonsu and Evans (2018) assert that “embracing cross-cultural transformational leadership is strategic to business expansion in an epoch of globalization, effectiveness in technology and information distribution, and equality of education and competencies” (p. 50). With insight and charisma, transformational leaders can motivate those surrounding them to alter their expectations and motivations to progress towards loftier objectives.