Following the 9/11 extremist attack orchestrated by al Qaeda in 2001, America’s globe transformed forever. Evident changes included a new era and a fresh designation called Homeland Security. Despite the protracted pursuit of al Qaeda leader, Osama bin Laden and his eventual killing by the Navy Seal team, the security menace to America’s homeland still persists. As evidenced by more than 50 terror episodes, some thwarted while others successful, the U.S. must always remain vigilant and continue to protect the country (Oliver et al., 2015). The primary strategies for reacting to any terror occurrences and natural calamities are all rooted in local responders. Homeland security remains an organizational and administrative reaction to actual and potential threats. Consequently, National Incident Management System (NIMS) aligns with the homeland security framework in various ways.

Firstly, following the 9/11 assault, the Homeland Security Act directed every level of a government agency to NIMS for responding to any type and extent of emergency. The aim of this directive was to provide a synchronized, unified, and joint response during any catastrophe. As part of efforts to fortify homeland security, NIMS has a vital component called Incident Command System (ICS) to tackle all disaster-related issues (Oliver et al., 2015). NIMS aims to alleviate every friction and expedite emergency preparations encompassing various responses from many concerned institutions by serving as the common, scalable, and adaptable system used by involved parties. Furthermore, its enforcement was reinforced in 2003 by Presidential Directive 5 on homeland security.

Secondly, NIMS can fit into homeland security by providing a comprehensive, national approach to case management relevant across functional disciplines and every jurisdictional level. NIMS has fulfilled this role by becoming applicable across a full range of potential hazards, incidents, impacts, regardless of complexity, location, or size (Oliver et al., 2015). It has enhanced collaboration and coordination between private entities and the public through diverse incident management efforts and providing a unified standard for general incident handling.

Thirdly, NIMS offers a dependable framework and method to enable management across all levels (local, state, and Federal) to collaborate to prevent, recover from, respond to, prepare for, and alleviate impacts of incidents. Specifically, regular utilization of NIMS establishes the groundwork for effective and efficient responses from solitary agency fire reaction to a multijurisdictional natural disaster or bombing response. For example, state agencies, which have integrated NIMS into their incident management system easily comprehend the protocols and procedures concerning response and expectations for personnel and equipment (Oliver et al., 2015). Therefore, NIMS provides a unity in readiness and response that allows diverse government bodies to integrate or establish a seamless command during an emergency.

In conclusion, America’s homeland security remains a prime concern following the fatal 9/11 terror attack in 2001. NIMS structure plays a pivotal role in strengthening this security goal in the nation. The fundamental principle of NIMS in executing its mandate is that all incidents commence and conclude locally. The system does not draw command away from local authorities and the Federal government. It simply offers the necessary framework to enhance the capacity of responders, non-governmental organizations, and the private sector to work harmoniously. NIMS serves as the fundamental idea that links all the relevant agencies towards providing improved homeland security. NIMS integrates the resources and capabilities of various incident emergency and management response disciplines, governmental jurisdictions, and private sectors into a coordinated, seamless, and cohesive framework for internal incident response and management.