Melodies of Song is a portrayal of the worth, loveliness, and significance of labor and affection between a man and a woman. The Song passes on tales of an ideal depiction of family, labor, and life by exhibiting lovers who court, marry, and then labor. King Solomon, who is the writer of the Song, explicitly conveyed the subjects of adversity, delight, loveliness, happiness, zeal, diligence, and family.
At the start of the Song, a woman is declaring her affection for her man. While doing so she also mentions that her complexion has turned dark because of hard labor in the family vineyard. She states that her siblings made her toil hard there. Even though this Song is about love, one cannot overlook that labor is also granted central focus. Additionally, dark complexion had a different implication from the contemporary racial connotation. Dark complexion was utilized to depict individuals who toiled in the sun for financial reasons. Perhaps, they were largely the peasants who ranked low in the financial hierarchy. In this Song, however, the woman’s loveliness has not decreased by hard labor. As she states in Song 1:5, “Dark am I, yet lovely,” King James Version. Furthermore, the woman is not regretting her occupation as it has readied her for the future when she anticipates to manage her own vineyard as well (Song 8:12). Subsequently, she will depart from her siblings and get wedded and possess her own vineyard.
In numerous civilizations, labor has always been perceived as an adversary of loveliness. However, the biblical viewpoint brought out through the Song portrays labor as an essential loveliness. Not only does King Solomon constructs a palanquin for himself, but the Song also extols the attractiveness of workmanship. Thus, as articulated in Song 3:10, it is a labor of love. Ultimately, the Song emphasizes that besides being a means to an economic end, labor is also a basis of aesthetic inventiveness.
In the Song, the woman is in pursuit of her beloved, a man whom she describes to be the finest of men. She receives information from her companions that the man is at his evident place of labor where he is tending sheep. His labor, however, does not hinder him from interacting with her. The arrangement of their labor enables them to freely interact as a family. This is in opposition to how labor is today where family interaction time is dictated by job demands and an employer’s benevolence.
The man and the woman profess their dedication to each other through the Song. He chants of her flawless loveliness and she sings how deeply she is in love with him. When spring arrives, they both sing in its magnificence and he invites her over to his place. In ancient Israel, spring was a period to toil on the farms. It was the period when crops were pruned to assure good harvests. It was also during this period that the young grapes were more appealing to foxes and animals. The two lovers, thus, find pleasure in chasing the foxes away from the farms. This is a splendid illustration of discovering pleasure and happiness at labor.
A perceptive observer will discern that this form of labor is in contradiction to what God told Adam in Genesis 3:17-19. After the man had transgressed against God, He cursed the ground and decreed that food will only be produced from it after arduous toil. It is apparent from this verse that this was not God’s original connotation of labor. Hence, the kind of labor expounded in Song is an exemplification of how God desires people to exist and labor. It is a fulfillment of Isaiah’s, “They will build houses and dwell in them; they will plant vineyards and eat their fruit” (Isaiah 65:21). This is an indication that God’s kingdom does not signify that labor is eradicated but rather executed in delightful relationships.
The Song has also articulated the concept of matrimony between a man and a woman. The woman longs for the man and, garbed in an elegant palanquin, she proceeds towards him. On his part, the man receives her while adorned with a crown. This affirms that the pair conducted a splendid wedding to consecrate their love. After the wedding, both sing enchanting songs to each other. The author uses vivid metaphors and images to depict the occurrences of the nuptial night. Although many Christian preachers evade mentioning sex, the author of the Song is explicit that intimacy between two lovers on their wedding day should be the norm.
Intimacy is utilized in the Song to link the household and labor. Undoubtedly, the primary unit of all economic activities in the household. Intimacy gives rise to children who perpetuate the generation and provide the labor force required in the fields. Additionally, intimacy is also an expression of zeal, which binds a household together. The contemporary work atmosphere denies most pairs an opportunity to have sufficient time with each other. In conclusion, the rise in the number of divorce cases among pairs could partially be ascribed to dissatisfaction, which arises from both partners being occupied for each other. The Song advises that pairs should not allow labor to obstruct them from having intimacies.