Most individuals during the Victorian period esteemed the virtues of community. Victorians believed that they were set and definite as guiding conduct to individuals all the time. The virtues comprised ethics that one can be evaluated based on his conduct. Any breach of moral standards was labeled lousy conduct and could warrant punishment. These convictions have become misguided, undesirable, and inappropriate in modern America (Schlereth, 2018). They have transitioned to principles that no longer have classical notions of wisdom, justice, bravery, or purity (p. 691). They have evolved into sexual implications where individuals engage in prostitution and other immoral behaviors.
In prior years, there were low levels of crimes that have continued to escalate. Victorians adhered to ethical principles in their lives, which upheld good ethics and conduct. Presently, ethics have changed and transformed into destructive behaviors that contribute to higher crime rates (Schlereth, 2018). Victorian discusses about morality and the best methods of formulating it. In modern America, a character has been substituted, and most youths indulge in immoral conduct.
In the Victorian era, women were illiterate, immigrants were not mingling with others, while now women are educated, and immigrants exchange ideas with natives. Men used to toil for earnings and engage in politics while women participated in household chores and childrearing. In literature, each era had a distinct theme according to the way we comprehend life (p. 693). The Victorian era concentrated on industrialization, imperialism, domesticity, and cultural identity (Schlereth, 2018). Contemporary literature focused on the theme of loss, despair, and politics. In the Victorian era, most individuals were Christian and esteemed religion heavily compared to the current American.
The Victorian era and modern American share similarities in how the people exist in the two epochs. In the two periods, people practiced ethical behavior cherishing virtues in society. The two cherish the communal, financial, and political life, and the individuals partake in them (Schlereth, 2018). The periods influenced the realm of literature and altered people’s lives on how they perceive literature (p. 695). For instance, Elizabeth Barrett Browning composed a poem, ‘The cry of the children’, which carries a message about industrialization regarding child labor. The poem narrates child labor which had become prevalent due to new mechanisms and workplaces. All individuals were able to mingle during the Victorian era to acquire formal and informal skills. Most individuals engage in literature where they author poems that could reflect on their current circumstances and life experiences.
The Victorian and modern American eras have instigated changes to human life. For example, in England, the rate of indictable offenses diminished by 50% and the population swelled from 19 million to 33 million, the number of offenses dropped from 92000 to 81000. The people imbibed moral values and the virtues that align with better communal, financial, and political life. In the two eras, men and women understood their responsibilities, acquired formal and informal skills, and could interact and socialize. People cultivated ethics, and they were industrious and triumphant in business. The Victorian era brought change, innovation, and invention that contributed to current technological advancements.
The modern American lacks many aspects from the Victorian era concerning morality, beliefs, and virtues. During the Victorian era, people esteemed cultural viewpoints, cherished honesty in society, and practiced good ethical conduct. The modern American has deviated from all the norms and transformed the way of life. There are practices of immoral conduct such as prostitution, numerous divorces, countless crimes, and a lack of seriousness in religious faith. Most individuals exhibit disrespect and ignorance of everything in the contemporary world. Victorian-era individuals were devout and valued their religion, but a few presently do the same.
All individuals were able to socialize during the Victorian era to understand their duties, acquire an education and interact with one another. Most individuals engage in literature where they compose poems about their current circumstances and life experiences. Individuals could pen poems sensitizing an issue affecting the society for the community to take necessary measures. In the two eras, individuals acquired formal and informal skills, which assisted them in addressing different issues in society.