Client loyalty is a favorable perception of the company and its products. The loyalty ladder is the structural model that suggests the various levels of client engagement in the selling process of a company’s products (Gerami & Vahid Yazdanian, 2018). Generally, the researchers define five levels of client loyalty: suspects, prospects, clients, customers, and advocates (Gerami & Vahid Yazdanian, 2018). The loyalty ladder is an effective tool to establish long-term relationships with clients. Different companies apply diverse marketing strategies to move clients from one level of the ladder to another.
A dedicated client predominantly purchases goods and services from only one brand, not paying attention to its competitors’ offers. Such a client is the primary driving force of the business, ultimately helping to construct a positive image of the company and promoting it for free within his inner circle. Consequently, creating a loyal client base and evaluating client loyalty is a top priority for a company that intends to remain in demand in the market for an extended period.
In today’s e-business, the loyalty ladder is exceptionally crucial in attracting clients online. The e-marketing strategies enable more advanced methods to construct efficient loyalty programs. For the analysis of the practical application of the loyalty ladder, two brands of organic cosmetics were selected: Pacifica and Annmarie. Both retailers offer online opportunities and loyalty programs for clients. Considering their activities from the perspective of client loyalty, the brands’ programs target different ladder levels. The first online brand, Pacifica, provides a digital gift card (Digital gift card, n.d.). A gift card exceeding 50 dollars in total is advantageous for the clients due to the random gift of over 75 dollars (Digital gift card, n.d.). Consequently, the card attracts new clients and benefits the current customers. Additionally, the cards have a thematic design relevant to many celebrations.
The marketing strategy utilized by the brand aims at the repeated purchasing of the clients. The program caters to the prospect’s and customers’ levels from the loyalty ladder perspective. Nevertheless, it fails to establish the advocates’ relationships with the clients. Considering the variability of the brand, which can be found online, the strategy is inadequate in terms of long-term loyalty. The client is not directly engaged with the brand. Hence, the chances of selecting other brands are higher. Nonetheless, considering the mentioned ladder levels, the program is successful.
The second example pertinent to the analysis is Annmarie cosmetics. The company established the Wild & Beautiful Collective loyalty program to transition the client from the customer’s level to the advocates (Join the Wild & Beautiful Collective, n.d.). The community established for regular customers enables the company to enhance its brand by offering discounts and point programs. The consistent interaction with other clients and creators of the brand strengthens the higher level of engagement. As a result, clients are more dedicated to one brand, which reduces the risk of competitors’ success. This approach is highly applicable for e-commerce, boosting loyalty. The program is advantageous for both the brand and clients due to paid subscriptions and various privileges. Nevertheless, Annmarie’s strategy falls short at the level of attracting new clients. Despite the deep-seated base of loyal clients and advocates, expanding the brand’s potential is also crucial for future advancement.
Hence, both brands present loyalty programs based on their existing needs. They excel at one level while faltering at another. Addressing all the levels of the ladder would be the optimal strategy for both retailers. However, brands promote programs pertinent to the current budget and opportunities. Annmarie’s approach is more effective from a long-term perspective. The Pacifica’s approach is advantageous in terms of broadening the customer base.