Mary Breckinridge was a resilient individual who, notwithstanding all her suffering and tragic losses, devoted her life to assisting people and averting others from undergoing the calamities that she had faced. Throughout her lifetime, she had a significant influence on the advancement of nursing and medical exploration. These are the grounds why I am inclined to compose about Mary Breckinridge and her accomplishments.
Mary Breckinridge was born February 17, 1881, in Memphis, Tennessee, but nurtured in various locations, including Kentucky, New York, and even St. Petersburg, as her father was a congressman and U.S Minister to Russia (Breckinridge, 2021). In 1904, following the demise of her first spouse, she resolved to become a nurse (Breckinridge, 2021). Mary endeavored to establish a family later on, and subsequent to a decade of nursing, she retired and bore a son and a daughter from her second spouse (Breckinridge, 2021). Nonetheless, the calamities persisted to pursue Mary, and her offspring perished shortly after birth (Breckinridge, 2021). Subsequent to the catastrophes, she departed from her spouse and volunteered as a nurse in World War I, ultimately electing to dedicate her life to rescuing lives (Breckinridge, 2021). Post the war, Mary toiled predominantly in Kentucky and pursued her studies at the Teachers College of Columbia University in New York City (Breckinridge, 2021). In 1923, she journeyed to England to attend the British Hospital for Mothers and Babies to qualify as a midwife (Breckinridge, 2021). Moreover, in 1925, she established a non-profit charitable institution, the Frontier Nursing Service (FNC), which significantly lessened both maternal and infant mortality in the service region (Brewer, 2018).
During her existence, Mary significantly contributed to nursing and aided numerous individuals. Beyond the FNC that still functions in southeastern Kentucky, she was acknowledged as the pioneer who introduced nurse-midwifery to the United States (Brewer, 2018). It is noteworthy that Mary’s influence on midwifery and nursing education persisted even after her demise. Nowadays, individuals from worldwide come to the FNC School of Midwifery and Family Nursing to study her paradigm of rural health and social service distribution (Brewer, 2018).
It is challenging not to respect Mary Breckinridge for her contribution to nursing, notwithstanding all the crises she faced. Even post losing her offspring, Mary did not allow the catastrophe to shatter her resolve but committed herself to alleviating suffering from others' lives. I genuinely believe that everyone can derive from her illustration.