Mearsheimer justifies the rationales for Contemporary European conflict by the presence and disposition of poles of authority, which influence the decision of states to partake in hostilities. He views the multipolar system as the most favorable to competition because states' power is not evenly dispersed (Mearsheimer, 2014). Additionally, it is most prone to instability, as relationships between nations shift from hostile to friendly and vice versa. Such frequent changes contribute to the continual occurrence of conflicts. Furthermore, they hinder a logical evaluation of the capabilities and intentions of adversaries.
An imbalanced multipolarity is the most uneven form because it is marked by a hegemon pursuing as much power as possible. Other states are wary of such aspirations, and thus their strategies can be more assertive. Mearsheimer (2014) contends that conflicts in contemporary Europe under a bipolar arrangement happened with minimal frequency. This structure is the most stable because there is an equilibrium among the nations, enhancing their mutual comprehension.
Nonetheless, Mearsheimer's concept cannot be applied in the present day as it is difficult to define the current global order. It is apparent that multipolarity dominates and dictates the course of actions. However, it is closely linked with bipolarity, indicating that the contemporary world is a distinct system with different approaches and effects. This correlation sets apart the present state of the global framework from the previous one. Hence, one cannot attribute the causes of armed conflicts solely to a particular system.
Mearsheimer's notions concerning the grounds for conflicts are logical and sound. Nevertheless, the author questions them due to the atomic weapon, which existed during Europe's bipolar era (Mearsheimer, 2014). It was absent in the multipolar setup, and thus the arguments are not sound as the nuclear weapon is one of the world's most influential forces. Mearsheimer (2014) proposed that it, not the system, could be the primary reason for the lack of war in bipolar Europe between 1990 and 1945. The power balance cannot influence the onset of conflict as much as the dread of nuclear obliteration.