The query of whether media has any advantages in learning has been made and validated many times in the past. This has sparked a significant debate, with some respondents, such as Richard Clark, asserting that instructional teaching methods impact learning and not media directly under any circumstances. Similarly, the opponents argue that media is shaped into specific attributes of media, which, in turn, influence learning (Clark, 1994).
Numerous students utilize these attributes of media as they are believed to enhance their cognitive process development. At the same time, advocates such as Robert Kozma argue that media will impact learning through the utilization of technologies such as computers, telephones, and television in teaching and learning (Kozma, 1994). This paper will, therefore, investigate Kozma’s viewpoint on the significant media debate and present the reasoning for why Kozma’s perspective is favorable.
An instructional approach connects and enriches cognitive processes that are crucial in achieving learning. Clark (1994) notes that instructional technology aims to assess the necessity and kind of instructional method that is essential in providing psychological assistance to learners in the learning process. Clark’s argument on whether media contributes positively to learning introduces the economic perspective of media and its attributes.
According to Clark (1994), on the substitutability challenge, Clark asserts that if various media or their attributes result in the accomplishment of the same learning outcome, then the most cost-effective instructional method should be utilized. Clark (1994) goes on to argue that the substitutability examination clarifies the ability to exchange a different set of media or attributes with another that is less costly, even though it leads to the achievement of comparable learning results. Thus, Clark’s argument that media has no impact on students’ learning outcomes can be justified.
Kozma’s argument in the media debate introduces the concept of learning as a constructive, cognitive, and social process. According to Kozma (1994), learning involves learners utilizing available materials to generate new knowledge through interaction with the environment and integrating the new knowledge with that already stored in memory. From this perspective, learning is seen as a consequence of integrating learners’ cognitive resources with their environmental resources. Therefore, this raises the idea of media and learning as the interactive force that promotes the relationship between learners’ cognitive resources and environmental resources.
Media and media attributes possess outstanding capabilities that enable learners to acquire cognitive resources. According to Clark vs. Kozma (2018), two research pieces emerged to demonstrate the impacts of media on learning. These include the thinker tools and the Jasper Woodbury Series pieces of evidence. Clark (1994) explains that the Thinker Tools are used to teach force and motion problem solutions while the Jasper Woodbury Series are used to solve mathematically related problems. The Thinker Tools, which is a computer-based learning media according to Kozma (1994), introduces four phases; motivation, evolution, formalization, and transfer phases.
The motivation phase prompts the learners to predict the outcomes of forces acting upon objects in the real world, while the evolution phase pairs the learners to solve problems presented in the motivation phase. In the formalization phase, the learners must establish a law that explains the occurrence of their results. The transfer phase necessitates the learners to respond to the questions posed in the motivation phase using the formulated law. The consequence of the interaction with thinker tools was compared with a control experiment of students using textbooks and traditional teaching methods (Kozma, 1994). Students who used Thinker Tools during evaluation achieved higher scores and significant improvement.
Kozma’s argument on the Thinker Tools illustrates the influence media has on learning. The computer presented dynamic elements that generated representations of real-world objects (Kozma, 1994) and this aided the learners in creating a cognitive model of the objects. Similarly, the interaction with the computer, as it accepted learners’ input and processed it by moving the objects around, empowered them to manipulate environmental resources with cognitive resources, thereby enhancing their understanding of learning.
The Jasper Woodbury Series is another piece of evidence used to support Kozma’s argument in the media debate. It is a videodisk-based mathematics problem solver employed by one group in the classroom using the analogy of a boat episode while the control group tackles the same boat episode using conventional problem-solving methods (Kozma, 1994). Clark vs. Kozma (2018) confirms that the video story problem group performed better in tests related to the boat episode. From the research evidence, Kozma acknowledges that the careful integration of media in learning has positive implications as learners can relate social contexts to real-world situations.
The utilization of media in learning leads to achieving positive outcomes if the medium utilized is interconnected and complex. Clark vs. Kozma (2018) asserts that for media to effectively influence learning, the embedded instructional method must be suitable for the educational media. The Thinker Tools and Jasper Woodbury Series projects exhibited significant learning outcomes as the computer’s capabilities and the video disk created mental representations. This facilitated the integration of external resources into the cognitive processes, resulting in improved problem-solving skills, retention, and knowledge comprehension.