Melanoma is typically acknowledged as one of the cancers that have an increasing coverage percentage, although it is usually detected at early stages. Lately, the methods of melanoma therapy for patients with metastatic disease were so restricted that many patients were essentially doomed. Fortunately, melanoma therapeutics have advanced over the past decade due to the utilization of immune checkpoint inhibitors. Nowadays, individuals with stages II and III may easily experience a long period of remission. Consequently, contemporary choices for melanoma therapy act as a source of hope for numerous individuals. Indeed, advancements in the field of melanoma therapy are linked to the application of checkpoint inhibitors and the so-called adjuvant therapy. According to recent studies, “the utilization of anti–CTLA-4 and anti-PD1 immune checkpoint inhibitors and combination BRAF/MEK inhibitors for patients with BRAF V600 mutations has significantly prolonged survival and enabled some patients to stay in enduring disease remission off therapy” (Poklepovic & Luke, 2019, p. 1166). This implies that the so-called “low-risk” patients with stage IIA through IIC melanoma like Mr. B. from the inquiry may undergo a long remission after receiving a special course. Nevertheless, patients in remission should preferably maintain good health with adjuvant therapies. A decade ago, such a form of additional treatment was frequently deemed to have marginal effects for earlier stage melanoma because of interferon-α2b (IFN). It was revealed that “the significant linked toxicity of that interferon and other treatments, such as the anti-CTLA4 antibody ipilimumab” (Jenkins & Fisher, 2021, p. 27). Thus, it used to be of little confidence for many effective physicians. Furthermore, concerning stage II, the decreased occurrence of disease progression demands unparalleled effectiveness (Rozeman et al., 2018). Nevertheless, over time, adjuvant therapies gained recognition in the field of cancer treatment. The instance of Mr. B may be the one where adjuvant therapy could have averted the biopsy from reverting to stage II melanoma.