Ancient Rome might be characterized as diverse, mainly because of the substantial territories that the Roman Empire governed at different times, frequently assimilating the indigenous populations and cultures into their own. A wide range of cultures thrived within the confines of the Roman civilization and the Roman populace was discovered to possess remarkable genetic variety, sharing more similarities with the Mediterranean nations rather than Western Europe (Thomsen, 2019). Some of the cultures that were present under Roman dominion include the Gauls, Greeks, Syrian, Egyptian, Lebanese, Persia, and many others. Scholars credit the cultural and economic triumph of Rome partly to its capacity to embrace a variety of ethnic and national identities, frequently integrating numerous aspects of the foreign cultures into its own traditions, beliefs or practices.
The renowned Pax Romana, a period of affluence and peace for about 200 years occurred when Roman conquests reached a relative conclusion, and a variety of cultures were afforded the chance to coexist harmoniously under one central government. Although like all Empires, Rome did enforce some values and demands on the territories it subjugated, for the most part, the people could lead their lives, practice their respective religions, adhere to their respective traditions, and even uphold their own laws and taxation (Brooks, 2019). Rome was undoubtedly one of the most diverse states in the ancient world that greatly honored the civilizations of others.
The primary culture that heavily impacted the Roman culture is likely Ancient Greece. The Hellenistic society laid the groundwork for much of what is Roman, spanning from architecture to art to philosophy and politics. The Romans highly esteemed the Greeks for their advancements and intellect, and aimed to expand upon that groundwork in the prosperity of their empire including in the realms of science, literature, law, economics, and even military strategies. Moreover, the Romans were influenced by the Etruscans, a neighboring tribe to the northwest of Rome, who were allied with and then conquering the newly established city-state. Etruscans were prolific traders with the Greeks, and had a comparably loose empire of city-states, sharing numerous cultural components. Essentially, the Etruscans facilitated the transition of Greek culture into Rome (Brooks, 2019). However, Rome was influenced by the Etruscans in its initial days by contributing to its military capabilities and war-driven, expansionist society.