A live traditional music performance, which will be talked about in the article, is the Millennium Stage by Apollo Orchestra. The orchestra collaborates with famous opera stars and international instrumentalists for a yearly series of complimentary concerts. The show took place on March 5, 2020, and I was present on the same day. It brought me unforgettable recollections, adequate to be reflected in the corresponding paper.

The show was brimming with music by many composers who contributed to the evolution of traditional music. The concert commences with a piece by Ottorino Respighi, an Italian composer who studied at the Bologna Lyceum, and then with Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in St. Petersburg, where he was the primary violist in the Opera Orchestra ( Ottorino Respighi ). His active education throughout his life endowed the composer’s works with a distinct orchestral taste. The concert concludes with a composition by Ludwig van Beethoven, recognized to the public for his heroic battle with the onset of deafness when some of his most significant works were written ( Ludwig van Beethoven ). The musical creations of these writers formed the foundation for a concert that touched the heart and soul of every audience member in the auditorium.

The set of instruments was typical for directing an orchestral concert. The professional orchestra group was primarily supplied with string instruments: the cello, double bass, violin, viola, and harp. As the biggest group on stage, the string family made up over half of the total performers. They were also accompanied by wind instruments, which sit together in the middle of the orchestra, percussion, and piano. Together, they generated a holistic and harmonious sound with each new composition performed at the concert.

The orchestra concert was attended by prominent composers of our time, contributing to the growth of musical culture. For instance, international pianist Peter Orth was hailed as a special guest artist and soloist for the concert. His career in the American mainstream started after winning the first prize at the International Piano Competition in Naumburg in 1979, held in memory of William Capell (Peter Orth, Piano). He received numerous accolades in America and Europe, bringing him global fame in the music community. Claudia Chudacoff as a visiting concertmaster and associate conductor Jeffrey Newberger, conducted the opening piece, setting the mood till the end of the concert. The other members of the orchestra also managed their work flawlessly and provided the audience with an evening of high-quality and emotional music.

The concert commences with Ottorino Respighi’s Botticelli Triptych, which is the memory of three renowned paintings by Sandro Botticelli. The piece is followed by Beethoven’s early masterpieces, Concerto No. 3 and C Minor Concerto, which became an excellent conclusion to the evening. Despite the variety of works and composers who lived and worked in different periods, the combination of their music sounded harmonious and unique to an unaccustomed ear. All the music performed during the show belongs to the genre of an orchestral concert, although it affects differently due to disparities in musical moods. The lightness of the initial piece and the fleur of sadness of Beethoven’s compositions contrasted perfectly with each other, smoothly transitioning from one to the other.

I personally was impressed by the concert since the soft change of compositional tones greatly pleased me. Each section brought a new mood to the overall picture, which was noticeably reflected in the course of the music. The first part was divided into three, each of which adhered to the light and fresh moods characteristic of the mentioned triptych. In this part, more attention was given to the quality of the compositions, which is why I could not cease admiring the orchestra’s skills. The second part of the concert can also be divided into two parts, the first of which was more majestic, the second, conversely, sadder and more relaxed. This created a pleasant picture of a smooth flow of sound from one mood to another. The feelings I had towards the end of the performance may be described as excited and joyful because of the corresponding brutality. The music maintained a course for a constant change of moods until the end and caused a storm of emotions with its bright ending.

The orchestra’s melody may be defined as undulating since the filling of the jumps occurred with a gradual movement either up or down, which made it possible to achieve an easy and natural development of the composition. The major triad of the initial passage was substituted by a minor triad, shimmering from joy to calmness, from admiration to sadness. The polyphonic warehouse allowed to emphasize several main themes at the same time during the concert. The high register of the entire concert did not cease even in the final notes, permitting to simplify and ease the figurative series.

Hence, the Millennium Stage by Apollo Orchestra gave me a lot of unforgettable emotions and can be suggested by me for listening as an interesting and thrilling experience. The skilled musicians who participated in the concert were one of the primary factors in its success. The selected compositions, representing an uncomplicated mood change, also served as the basis for obtaining positive emotions.