The dual American regions to be initially settled by the English colonists were New England and the Chesapeake Bay. In the Chesapeake Bay, the colonists arrived under the sponsorship of Virginia Company – a joint-stock enterprise committed to colonizing America for profit. Although the initial expectations of discovering precious metals did not materialize, the region eventually discovered its economic specialization in cultivating tobacco. The company employed the English impoverished for the labor-intensive job of cultivating the colony and manufacturing tobacco, and most of the recent arrivals were young single males. Conversely, the New England colonies pursued a different settlement design. Unlike the Chesapeake Bay, they were influenced not by the pursuit of profit but by the aspiration to flee persecution and perceived moral decay of England and establish a virtuous society. New Englanders came to America as complete families and, unlike the Chesapeake Bay colonists, established a predominantly self-sufficient economy of farms, hamlets, and business ventures instead of cash crop plantations. Such were the distinctions in settlement structures and formative causes between the two.
Religion played a substantial role in both regions, although in the form of distinct faiths. The founders of New England colonies established their settlements with an overtly religious objective of creating a flawless Protestant community, which was the situation in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and other colonies as well. Interestingly enough, even though the Chesapeake Bay colonies were commercial ventures envisioned mainly for profit, the Anglican Church also played a significant role in their existence. For them, conversion was a method to establish better connections with the Native Americans, as in John Rolf’s renowned marriage to Pocahontas. Thus, both Protestant and Anglican denominations played their part in the colonizing of New England and the Chesapeake Bay, respectively.