A trade enterprise functions by increasing or preserving profits. However, one of the firm costs is the excessive prerequisite. This expenditure enables the contractor to obtain more, but does not impact the well-being of investors. Avoidance of the company’s top management also generates firm costs, as it diminishes the efficiency of management and produces additional expenses for the founders. Hence, the wages of other employees may decline in this context. In such a circumstance, a trade must contemplate the morality of its conduct.
Corporate business necessitates companies to take complete responsibility for how the accomplishment of their objectives influences the world around them. Consumers, investors, and employees of companies are conscious of the potentials of contemporary corporations (Bansal et al., 2021). In this aspect, it is vital to guide them not only towards making a profit but also towards enhancing the life of society as a whole and cultivating human capital responsibility. The firm is obligated to carry out actions aimed at enhancing the condition of society, and not at its deterioration (Hoffman, 2018). The execution of corporate social responsibility of the organization also encompasses responsibility to employees: the provision of an additional social package, which includes the establishment of a pension system, medical insurance, and recreation.
The ethical standpoint comprises the remarkable case of Wells Fargo, one of the largest US banking holdings. In 2016, about 2 million credit cards issued without the knowledge of customers were uncovered, the bank was penalized $ 185 million, and the management dismissed approximately 1,000 employees. Investors were discontent with the fact that the bank had ceased to be trustworthy and lost faith in the eyes of customers, and the public considered the actual culprits of what had occurred not to junior employees but to top managers of the company. The gains of the company demonstrated a drop during this period.
Conversely, Nike is firmly convinced that it is feasible to execute more sustainable practices in all sectors of the company. To decrease the carbon footprint of Nike.com in the US, in 2020 the sports giant declared a partnership with environmental investment fund EFM. With the aid of Nike, the foundation was able to plant more than 100 square kilometers of forest plantations to soak up carbon from the Earth’s atmosphere. Appropriate management and expert tree care augment the amount of recycled substances on Nike plantations by 30%. Simultaneously, the revenue of the company remained almost at the same level as during the prior years due to increasing costs. Nevertheless, the trade preserved a reputation in the eyes of its customers.
In conclusion, presently, numerous companies pay substantial attention to compliance with the principles of corporate social responsibility. This is founded on the fact that it is the adherence to the principles of social responsibility that enables enterprises to enhance their performance, both economic and social performance. On one hand, corporate social responsibility is perceived as a crucial element of the competition strategy. On the other hand, corporate social responsibility is a consequence of the ethical behavior of an organization in the market, which is associated with the attitude toward the subjects of the external and internal environment or with an approach that considers three primary areas (ecology, economics, sociology) as a factor of sustainable development.