The American War of Independence is amid the American colonies and Great Britain. The uprising's triumph eventually hinged on the readiness of Americans to jeopardize their lives and financial well-being in the cause of patriotism. The uprising was a traditional effort to uphold freedoms that appeared to be imperiled by British politics. Nevertheless, the conflict was accompanied by societal and intellectual changes that drastically altered the character of American politics and drew common citizens into politics to an unparalleled degree. It was the primary reason why the Patriots were prepared to jeopardize their lives for the purpose of independence and transformation.

Firstly, the Patriots desired the American colonies to achieve autonomy from Great Britain as they desired their own sovereign nation. Individuals in America sensed they were being unjustly treated by the British (DiPucchio, 2020). They were levied without voting or being represented by the British government. Before long, the initial skirmishes for liberty reverberated throughout the colonies. The Patriots sought liberation from British authority and contended for it.

Secondly, the American combatants for autonomy were more inclined to make sacrifices because they aimed to safeguard universal principles. Indeed, American intellectuals were significantly swayed by the concepts of John Locke and Jean-Jacques Rousseau, who advocated the innate rights and liberties of every individual (The Library of Congress, n.d.). Nonetheless, with its inflexible class structure and the unbridled authority of the monarchy, the British Empire was distant from the novel values that an increasing number of Americans embraced.

Lastly, the fresh generations of migrants were establishing a new persona that diverged from those of their forefathers. They commenced identifying less with English, German, or Dutch and more with Americans (Hanson & O’Dwyer, 2019). Consequently, the rift between individuals in England and its American colonies widened, and the latter viewed the former as the conquerors. Hence, the patriots were prepared to jeopardize their lives to guarantee freedom from the oppressors.

On the whole, it is contended that there are at minimum three rationales that rendered the patriots willing to make sacrifices in the conflict against the British Empire. Among them, the unjust treatment that Americans encountered as they were heavily taxed and could not sway the political circumstance is perceived to be one of the most robust ones. Additionally, the dissemination of contemporary ideas and a new identity establishment in the colonies escalated this discontent.