Pentecostal movements adhere to some tenets that are disputed by most Christian sects, whether it be the Eastern Church or the Western Church. Occasionally their movements are perceived as factions, nonetheless, they are not acknowledged as harmful. The major denominations will never reach an agreement with the Pentecostals on a variety of matters. According to most denominations, Pentecostals cannot be viewed as a valid movement.

Nontrinitarianism is based on the claim that God is one, there is neither the Holy Spirit, emanating from him, nor his Son, the same divine being. The Bible typically mentions the trinity of God: “For the kingdom of God is not a matter of eating and drinking, but of righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Spirit, because anyone who serves Christ in this way is pleasing to God and receives human approval” (Romans 14:17-18). Pentecostals deny the divine nature of Jesus Christ entirely, acting as Jehovah’s Witnesses.

Pentecostal Arianism is about eliminating the essence of Jesus Christ of all that is divine. This doctrine is completely opposed to most denominations and confessions, where it is common to say of Jesus Christ: “He is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation” (Colossians 1:15). The extent of the divine and the human in Jesus Christ has been the topic of debate for a very long time, still, the complete removal of the divine from his figure is not feasible.

The Pentecostal movement does not accept the Apocrypha, and regards only the Bible as a legitimate subject for study. This, essentially, makes Pentecostal somewhat a scholarly religion, akin to Islam. In Latin language, the principle of the inspiration of the Bible is expressed as ‘Sola Sriptura’. There can be no supplements to the Bible, and other authorities are deemed unauthorized. Explanations of the Bible are also forbidden and are not seen as authoritative.

Similar to Seventh-day Adventists, Pentecostals do not have faith in hell. This contradicts the principles of the compassion of God who cannot consign his children to eternal torment. There are often inconsistencies here as well: “And shall cast them into a furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth” (Matthew 13:42). This is what divine love is: in rescuing people from eternal punishment. In conclusion, Pentecostals have a few disparities from other Christian sects and are unlikely to ever reach an agreement, thus, these sects cannot validate them.