Presently, the dissemination of diabetes globally is advancing. Sedentary lifestyle, corpulence, and the aging of the population contribute to this health issue. Although there is no remedy for diabetes, approaches to enhance patients’ quality of life have been developed and executed. However, in situations where a patient has diabetes and dementia concurrently, it might be challenging for them to perform all the requisite procedures. Healthcare services should offer additional care to such patients. This article proposes that a patient-focused strategy should be enforced to encourage health in patients with diabetes and dementia.
Firstly, it is crucial to assess the importance of health problems to health status. To achieve this, the consequences of age, gender, and ethnicity should be thoroughly examined. Studies indicate that Afro-Americans and Latinos are most vulnerable to developing diabetes type 2 (Marseglia et al., 2019). The risk factors are slightly lower for American Indians and Alaska natives even though both these groups have a higher predisposition to diabetes than Caucasian individuals. Gender does not significantly impact disease development: both males and females have an equal likelihood of contracting the disease. With age, the susceptibility to diabetes increases, and elderly individuals are more prone to diabetes.
It has been confirmed that diabetes may trigger the onset of dementia in older age brackets. The frequency of dementia in diabetes-related groups is 50% higher than in individuals who do not have the disease. Dementia is an age-related condition that is prevalent in the female population. Research demonstrates that ethnic factors do not influence dementia development. The mortality rate of patients with dementia and diabetes varies based on their care. The cost of care is relatively high as these patients require day-to-day care provided by nurses and other healthcare experts. The target population for this study will be Afro-American women aged between sixty and ninety who have diabetes type 2 and dementia or are prone to developing dementia in the future. The geographical region where prevention strategies will be enacted will be Georgia as this state has a high percentage of the Afro-American populace.
Educational principles underpin the successful execution of any strategy. Primarily, the willingness to learn should be gauged. By inquiring about the patient’s perspective on the health issue and potential ways to enhance their quality of life, one can evaluate the patient’s readiness to learn. There are several phases through which a patient alters their behavior, from unawareness of the issue to adopting healthy habits and modifying their lifestyle (Marseglia et al., 2019). In adults, readiness to learn is closely linked to the developmental task of one’s societal role.
Prevalence of the subject is a pivotal factor in motivating adult learners. Adults typically do not learn for the sake of knowledge but want to witness the tangible outcomes of their efforts. This is particularly true for patients with dementia whose primary objective is to exert as much control over their lives as possible. Initial uncomplicated tasks with practical relevance that enable patients to sense accomplishment can spur further learning engagement.
The literacy level of patients with dementia is critical in the learning process as it is essential to furnish learning materials that individuals can comprehend. Dementia frequently leads to disorientation and memory lapses, hence learning materials should be tailored to the patients' comprehension level. To assess the literacy level, healthcare personnel may request patients to peruse an article or brochure and subsequently quiz them on the content. Learner engagement is another element that influences the efficacy of the teaching process. Patients with dementia achieve better learning outcomes when they are intrigued and inspired. Unresponsive and passive learners are improbable to significantly enhance their quality of life.
The most efficient approach to instructing patients with diabetes and dementia is a person-centered approach to care planning. Bunn et al. (2017) assert that “patient priorities [must be] at the forefront” of treatment, while medical considerations should function as a backdrop. Indeed, self-reliance and patient and caregiver priorities take precedence, as they enable patients to observe the outcomes of the learning process and enhance their quality of life. Nonetheless, “the basic requirements of ‘good’ diabetic control” must be adhered to (Bunn, 2017). The educational content would revolve around life skills, such as tending to one’s needs or hobbies. For instance, washing dishes or watering plants could benefit dementia patients. In the cognitive domain, engaging in simple arithmetic could serve as an illustrative example.
The schedule for such activities would necessitate several weekly visits by healthcare personnel. Subsequently, as the learning process transitions into habits, the frequency of visits could be reduced. Education will be conducted either at patients’ residences if they encounter difficulties in reaching social centers or at social centers. The instruction will be in the form of practical skills training coupled with cognitive exercises.
The success of learning would largely hinge on cultural variables like traditions, socio-economic circumstances, and family environment. Cultural aspects should be factored in when designing educational processes as cultural considerations may deter individuals from engaging in certain activities. For instance, women might decline to wash dishes or floors if they had a housekeeper who performed these tasks throughout their lives. Adverse socio-economic conditions might impede individuals from accessing essential medication. Healthcare workers must ensure that insurance covers all medications for this patient group. Family support is crucial for patients with dementia and would significantly influence learning outcomes.