Obscure Side of the Moon is the eighth record of Pink Floyd, the British rock quartet. Since 1973 when it was released, it has been seen as one of the greatest rock records in the history of music. In the present day, it unquestionably deserves listeners' attention, and its analysis may significantly contribute to self-assessment and self-development. The aim of this paper is to explore Obscure Side of the Moon from the perspectives of meanings, sounds, and impact on individuals. Distinguished by an extraordinary thoughtfulness, clear concept, and the coherence of lyrics and sounds, Obscure Side of the Moon still has a massive impact on human society, demonstrating people's attitude to life, death, madness, money, violence, choice, and social norms.
Obscure Side of the Moon may be rightfully seen as one of the greatest records in the history of rock music, if not the most exceptional one. According to Epstein, who wrote for Rolling Stone magazine, "there are hit records, and then there's Obscure Side of the Moon" (par. 1). Recorded in various sessions from May 1972 to January 1973 at London's Abbey Road Studios, Pink Floyd's eighth record has become commercially successful after its release, with over 45 million copies sold worldwide (Epstein par. 1). At the same time, Obscure Side of the Moon is more than a top bestseller that remained in charts for remarkably many weeks – it has succeeded in influencing its creators and the rock music of the subsequent generations as well. First and foremost, it was the artistic accomplishment of Pink Floyd that defined the British quartet's career and transformed an experimental and jam-oriented band adored by college students into globally renowned top-echelon rockers. Simultaneously, the record's rich songwriting, heavy lyrical musings, and cerebral soundscapes led to people's numerous listening sessions, established quality standards for future records, and inspired other musicians.
One of the major merits of Obscure Side of the Moon lies in its concept and thoughtfulness. In contrast to the majority of studio records that imply a series of unrelated or unconnected songs, Pink Floyd's well-crafted masterpiece includes a general theme addressed by all songs. In reality, there are multiple theories and disputes concerning the record's concept and general meaning. Though Pink Floyd has partially provided the explanation of specific songs, listeners have mainly been given an opportunity to reflect and decide for themselves.
From a personal viewpoint, Obscure Side of the Moon is about life and its brevity, the significance of living and being human, finding the purpose in life, factors that may influence its fulfillment, and death. At the same time, the record may be seen as a caution to people about challenges in life that may impact its fragility and lead to insanity and destruction. In other words, "Breathe," "Speak to Me," "Time," "The Great Gig in the Sky," and "On the Run" are tracks that may be grouped according to their focus on people's perceptions and multiple aspects of life, including its futility and brevity, fear of death, the monotony of routine, parenthood, luck, and the freedom of choice.
In turn, other tracks, such as "Us and Them," "Money," "Any Colour You Like," "Eclipse," and "Brain Damage" address ideas and concepts that cause destruction, madness, and uncertainty or despair related to life reflected in the record's other tracks. They are selfishness, greed, social pressure, violence, wars, racism, common insanity, and hidden negative feelings. Thus, Obscure Side of the Moon helps listeners realize that the pursuit of material things, social approval, and public acceptance lead to dissatisfaction with life and recognition of its futility.
The meaning of the record corresponds with the ideas of individualism that were spread in the 1970s. According to Thompson, "by the 1970s, society had lost its constraining power and individualism became a matter of self-absorption and the quest for self-development" (851). Thus, concepts reflected in Obscure Side of the Moon helped young people to understand themselves better and perceive the ways in which their lives could be fulfilled.
At the same time, listening to the record may be highly advantageous for individuals today, especially millennials who "more than any other generation, are searching for purpose and purposeful work" (Grant 1). Seen as materialistic, narcissistic, and individualistic, they are focused on ambitions, achievements, and competitiveness. However, young people are often perplexed about life balance and their purpose in this world. For them, the record may serve as a source of wisdom and consistency, reminding that searching for truth is natural. It shows that life itself is highly important and appreciating every moment of it is paramount. In turn, there are multiple detrimental concepts, ideas, and events that may limit life fulfillment and lead to despair and madness – they should be understood to be avoided.
In general, the record's reflection of society may be defined as timeless. In the present day, pandemic-related circumstances limit people's ability to enjoy life. Tragic news, the lockdown measures, misinformation, global tiredness from multiple restrictions, and isolation lead to anxiety, helplessness, anger, and more serious health problems. The record's message resonates with individuals' emotional state – for example, "The Great Gig in the Sky" reflects people's attitude to death, either acceptance of fear, "Us and Them" is about conflicts that prevail in the modern world due to restrictions, discrimination, and inequities, while "On the Run" express stress, anxiety, fear, and the senseless of life. All in all, Pink Floyd's record emphasizes the inconstancy of life. Though there are bright and positive moments, they are inevitably changed by bleakness and even horrors that will pass as well. However, listeners can interpret songs in numerous different ways finding individual meanings that describe what they feel in a specific life period.
The whole record may be perceived as a journey for people who want to understand the importance of being a human, being alive, and life in general, uncover it, and find their purpose. It opens with a relatively long and cinematic introduction with the crescendo of heartbeat accompanied by distant voices, ticking clocks, and sound effects that resemble an airplane propeller, automobile motor, cash register, and arcade machine. It is possible to say that "Speak to Me" introduces life both within and outside a human being with its rhythm, dynamic, and pace. Listeners may identify a clear phrase, "I've always been mad," that indicates society's influence on the development of its members' mental issues ("Speak to Me" 00:00:44). However, when "Breathe" starts, slide and chorused guitars, ride-cymbal drum kit, and bass enter all together, creating warm and delicious merging tones ("Breathe" 00:01:09). They replace the sounds of life, offering listeners to distract their attention from routine and explore another dimension in search of truth.
In general, "Breathe" represents the ideas of the shortness of life and its futility at the same time when people focus on the endless achievement of non-existing ideals, competition, and to