Given that skiing is considered a somewhat distressing activity, the corporation should have implemented measures to reduce the chances of injury for the skiers. Yet, in that specific scenario, the conduct of the corporation’s employees has posed health hazards for Mr. Craig and Mr. Alex, who were indeed hurt. The fact that it was April and the trails were meant to be closed might diminish the extent of the corporation’s liability in this specific situation, but not entirely. The corporation erred in allowing individuals to ski following the snowstorm even though it could not have sanctioned such actions. Consequently, the corporation's conduct jeopardized not just the skiers but also the staff members.

Even though Mr. Alex’s injury was caused by Mr. Craig, it is not solely his fault in its occurrence. It would not have transpired if Dan and Abby had not directed him to the untested incline without any supervisor who could have averted Mr. Alex’s injury. Hence, the health harm was instigated both by the corporation and by Mr. Craig inadvertently. Nevertheless, this does not imply that compensating for Mr. Alex’s injury falls under Mr. Craig’s obligation since his actions were a consequence of Dan and Abby's actions. Consequently, the corporation should cover Mr. Alex’s medical expenses based on the severity of the harm he has sustained and the duration of the recovery period (Goguen, n.d.). Furthermore, the corporation should reimburse for the ski gear that was damaged during the incident.

The reality that skiing is a distressing activity implies that Mr. Alex himself must have been aware of the health hazards he would encounter when skiing post-season. His choice to ski solo on a challenging incline based on his expertise indicates that he comprehended all the potential risks. Nonetheless, his actions demonstrate that he attempted to avoid the collision and behaved professionally without breaching any skiing regulations and standards. It was Mr. Craig's actions that led to the crash. Thus, it is his liability and the liability of those who dispatched an inadequately skilled skier to the untested slope.