The video “Play is more than just fun” showcases a bio-psycho-social-spiritual concern of play and its significance in individuals' lives. The notion of play is seen as a developmental matter, linking a person’s body to his brain via certain connections. Play is deemed a notable aspect of individuals' lives as it enables them to refine their abilities, both physical and intellectual (Brown, 2008). Additionally, through play, a person’s principles can be cultivated. Group play encourages the development of qualities such as allegiance to one’s group, interdependence, and the sense of rivalry. The activity promotes associations within the brain at a subconscious level and assists individuals in unwinding and being authentic.

The concern of significance in my life is whether one can enhance one’s memory through a game. In the present day, as I am a student, I must memorize a plethora of information, and I have realized that conventional methods of purposeful memorization are not always efficient. I am of the opinion that as games operate subconsciously, there is a promising opportunity to enhance one’s memory if one can identify the suitable type of games. Furthermore, engaging in games aids in relaxation; and relaxing during the process of memorizing something valuable could be a highly advantageous and favorable pursuit.

I am interested in delving deeper into how play nurtures innovation and what mechanisms are accountable for this correlation. Serving as the impetus for advancement, innovative thinking is relevant in all facets of life; nonetheless, conceiving of a viable notion that could enhance people’s lives is challenging. The association between games and creativity, if substantiated, could initiate a fresh approach to thinking, where novel ideas surface unconsciously through an activity that individuals derive pleasure from.

My query for the class discourse is why the antithesis of play is despondency and which psychological mechanisms could be attributed to this correlation.