Commencement
Postnatal gloom, albeit a widely acknowledged ailment, endures as a medical occurrence that suffers from disgrace and rejection amid society and medical experts. Fundamentally, postnatal gloom is a severe psychological health condition that is expressed through gloomy episodes, worry, and self-destructive thoughts in women after delivering. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC, 2020), one woman out of eight grapples with postnatal gloom. The figure, however, can be altered due to the reality that many women do not reach out to medical professionals when experiencing postnatal gloom (PPD) because they are either oblivious to the symptoms or they are hesitant to acknowledge them (Mughal et al., 2021). The variance between a screening two weeks after birth and six weeks offers insight into the diverse encounters of PPD by mothers. The concern is particularly notable among minority women, as, aside from the disgrace surrounding PPD, they are subjected to gender and ethnic discrimination by medical experts and society. African American women, while more likely to be diagnosed with PPD, are not prompted to undergo the early PPD screening. Consequently, it is logical to presume that early PPD screening in African American women plays a pivotal role in the timely detection and prevention of regression.
Early Discovery of Postnatal Depression
To start with, it is imperative to determine the overall influence of early PPD intervention. The theory that early recognition of PPD offers a series of advantages for both young mothers and children has been validated in a recent study by Hahn et al. (2021). According to the researchers, currently, “there are no precise screening tools for either disorder to identify at-risk mothers and enable them to benefit from early intervention” (p. 1). It signifies that both PPD and adjustment disorder in women are not perceived as health conditions that need to be identified in an organized manner. Meanwhile, the scholars assert that “early diagnosis and treatment of PPD can significantly enhance the outcome, prevent regression, and lessen the associated emotional and financial burden.” (Hahn et al., 2021, p.1). The importance of early diagnosis and the disregard of this intervention leads to cognitive dissonance, as it is ambiguous why professionals persist in neglecting immediate PPD screening. One of the rationales put forth by the researchers is the reality that behavioral alterations are common among women in the postnatal period due to substantial changes in the hormonal equilibrium (Hahn et al., 2021). Consequently, numerous instances of early PPD remain undiagnosed and culminate in severe complications for the family.
The repercussions of undiagnosed PPD not only affect the mother’s behavioral tendencies but also the psychological condition of children in the long term. In a systematic review conducted by Slomian et al. (2019), the evidence from empirical studies indicates that “postnatal depression creates an atmosphere that is not conducive to the personal development of mothers or the optimal development of a child” (p. 1). In most of the studies scrutinized, the researchers discovered that aside from children’s physical attributes such as weight and length, PPD was associated with substandard cognitive development, speech mechanism, health status, behavioral propensities, and quality of sleep (Slomian et al., 2019). Consequently, it becomes apparent that it is “crucial to detect and treat depression during the postnatal period as promptly as possible to evade detrimental consequences” (Slomian et al., 2019, p. 1). When disregarded, women become more prone to deteriorating their psychological state and negatively impacting the children’s cognitive growth in the early stages and later in life.
Postnatal Depression in African American Women
Regarding African American women, the predicament becomes even more intricate due to several causes: the disgrace linked with the psychological health of African American women and the psychological health difficulties that pass through generations of discrimination. Thus, women from marginalized groups are more likely to be confronted with psychological health issues, as the generations of trauma and psychological mistreatment take a toll on the women’s inclination to psychological health difficulties and instability. According to Maxwell et al. (2019), “they [women from marginalized groups] become stigmatized, are frequently at the receiving end of negative public attitudes and are more inclined to experience PPD” (p. 33). The principal risk factors for PPD encompass such elements as the prior history of anxiety and depression, history of sexual and psychological mistreatment, pregnancy complications, and absence of support system, encompassing both psychological support and advantageous socio-economic postnatal environment (Mughal et al., 2021). PPD screening is not commonly accessible or offered for African American women and creates issues with psychological health at both the two-week and six-week juncture. Evidently, all these factors are predominant in minority groups, as the protracted history of marginalization and exclusion from society culminates in a heightened risk of developing enduring psychological health issues.
Socio-Economic Environment
Furthermore, overwhelmed with the future of a child, encompassing socio-economic security and overall well-being, African American women are more likely to be affected by stress and perinatal complications when bearing a child (Maxwell et al., 2019). Hence, instead of giving more attention to the women from diverse groups, medical professionals tend to disregard PPD screening entirely. Another contribution to this dilemma is the overall African American women’s perception of their psychological health and women’s image in society. For instance, in the previously mentioned study by Maxwell et al. (2019), the researchers indicate the influence of self-guilt and shame about accepting the illness prevailing among women from diverse groups. Indeed, women who have always been depicted as strong individuals feel exceedingly ashamed of acknowledging weakness and resorting to psychological aid, so they retain the anguish and depression to themselves (Maxwell et al., 2019). Consequently, early intervention and PPD screening are indispensable to African American women for them to feel more at ease sharing their concerns.
Furthermore, the socio-economic status of African American women is another contributing factor to their inclination to PPD. In the research by Liu et al. (2018), the authors indicate that employed women are more likely to grapple with PPD because they endure from both perinatal stress and the incapacity to connect completely to a child. In the context of African American women, employment is a necessity rather than a balanced decision. Indeed, the overwhelming majority of women from diverse groups have no economic security, so they have no alternative but to work both during and shortly after pregnancy to support their child financially (Liu et al., 2018). Consequently, considering the reality that Black women work during pregnancy and are more likely to develop PPD, early intervention should be obligatory.
Women’s Perception
Considering the aforementioned facts about African American women, it is natural to question why data on PPD in minority groups remain underrepresented. The reason for it is that despite the undeniable proof of women of color necessitating counseling, some studies exhibit women’s reluctance to raise their voices and combat the existing stigma. According to the journalists, such apprehension is exceedingly rational. Indeed, Feldman and Pattani (2019) assert that “child welfare workers deem black mothers unfit at a higher rate than they do white mothers, even when