Pressure sores are a prevalent issue in the healthcare sector, impacting patients who are motionless due to sickness or trauma, or the elderly who usually have limited mobility. A pressure sore can be described as localized harm to the skin and soft tissue beneath due to strong or prolonged force, or force combined with shear. The incidence of pressure sores has stayed relatively stable in the United States, affecting almost 3 million grown-ups. Nonetheless, medical expenses have been rising and pressure sores, if untreated, can lead to severe health problems like localized or general infection, or necrosis. Roughly 60,000 individuals succumb to adverse outcomes from pressure sore each year (Mervis and Phillips, 2019).

Pressure sores can arise both during hospitalization or after release while under homecare. Many homebound grown-ups who might be immobile because of age, trauma, post-operation recovery, or other ailments are at risk of developing pressure sores. Unlike in hospitals, there is no consistent nurse presence to assist in repositioning, bandaging, or detecting sores early on. Hence, literature suggests that an efficient resolution for grown-ups in community settings is the utilization of pressure diminishing surfaces. At the most basic level, there are suggestions to utilize pillow, cushions, or mattress pads to reduce the pressure and sustain the region (MedlinePlus, 2020).

More complicated measures would be the use of pressure diminishing support surfaces. This is recognized as durable medical equipment (DME) and implemented to manage pressure sores and sores. Pressure diminishing support surfaces can be categorized into three groups based on complexity. Group 1 consists of surfaces intended to substitute the mattress or function as an overlay include specialized mattresses, pressure pads, and overlays made of foam, water, or gel. Group 2 is analogous but involves more intricate devices such as air flotation beds and powered pressure diminishing mattresses. Lastly, Group 3 comprises complete bed systems incorporating air-fluidized beds that utilize circulation of filtered air (United Healthcare, 2021). Pressure diminishing support surfaces aim to avert pressure sores or contribute to the recovery of existing sores. This is accomplished by lessening tissue interface pressure to the utmost extent possible, usually by enhancing circulation and adapting to the body's contours and distributing pressure over broader body areas (Rae, Isbel and Upton, 2018). There is a shared agreement among literature that active and reactive support surfaces are beneficial in the prevention and management of pressure sores.