Supporters of relativism believe that ethics in the objective sense does not exist. The ethical standards embraced in society are not mandatory for compliance and implementation. In absolute terms, the notions of malevolence and virtue are merely works of fiction. In this context, scholar Porus remarked that ethical relativism could easily deteriorate into permissiveness (Bush and Moss, 2020). Furthermore, individuals who adhere to this perspective can be seen as those attempting to depreciate ethical standards to the minimum level possible, will not strive to find compromises and negotiate on mutually advantageous terms.

Conversely, objectivism asserts that there are right and wrong actions that are independent of someone’s viewpoints or other variables. In this context, ethical principles are believed to be established and eternal, not crafted by humans. There are numerous philosophical variations and interpretations of objectivism, but the fundamental concept revolves around asserting one authentic truth. This clearly contradicts the notion of relativism in all respects (Bush and Moss, 2020). Objectivism, however, acknowledges that certain ethical standards may change, but fundamentally, all rules and norms revolve around an unchanged comprehension of malevolent and virtuous.

I consider relativism more persuasive despite some imperfections it encompasses. Although absolute relativity often suggests the lack of a moral and ethical foundation and is thus untrustworthy, the theory of relativism exhibits more pragmatic characteristics. Each day we encounter dilemmas, the outcomes of which frequently cannot be labeled as right or wrong. Most individuals, by nature, always strive to act morally, yet even then, their deeds can be viewed negatively. You cannot satisfy everyone precisely because, notwithstanding some existing notions about virtue and vice, you make choices that filter through the lens of experience, individual psychological traits, circumstances, and assessing numerous factors. I perceive objectivism as excessively idealistic an ultimatum, which aims to streamline morality while jeopardizing it with a distorted perspective of reality.