It is significant to mention that pharmacology is a vital field of knowledge and expertise for any autonomous mental health professional. The primary rationale is the reality that pharmacology is a science-based examination of medications and substances on human psychology. It is progressively essential for a mental health professional to be acquainted and knowledgeable about pharmacological facets of the management of mental issues.
As a forthcoming autonomous mental health professional, one must be completely equipped with abilities and proficiencies in addressing clients’ mental health difficulties, which is unattainable without pharmacological interventions. It is stated that "even though psychiatrists represent the branch of medicine that specializes in pharmacology, they are directly responsible for providing only a fraction of professional services to the mentally ill" (Preston et al., 2021, p. 13). In other words, no therapy can be efficient if the dedicated specialists are subcontracting the prescription of substances to non-psychiatric professionals. To aid clients to conquer stigma about mental illnesses and medication, it is crucial "to bring up the topic in a preemptive way, at the time when the prescription is first written" (Preston et al., 2021, p. 66). In other words, a mental health professional needs to assist patients to assess the pros and cons in an informed manner. Since non-adherence is a significant issue when it comes to medications, one can aid clients to adhere to the prescriptions by giving "patients (and parents) time to truly explore any concerns or worries that they might have about the psychiatric medication being recommended" (Preston et al., 2021, p. 67). Consequently, it is probable that patients will be cautious of substances, which is why their concerns require to be heard, voiced and evaluated.
In conclusion, pharmacology is becoming crucially significant for an independent mental health professional. Medications play a significant role in ensuring proper treatment measures. Thus, clients necessitate assistance and informed education about their options.