Coronavirus illness is a swiftly expanding global pandemic due to severe pulmonary and syndrome coronavirus 2, thus resulting in increased pessimism and high loss of lives. It was initially discovered in Wuhan (China) in a cluster of pneumonia patients with acute respiratory illness. The pandemic poses an unparalleled challenge to public healthcare and food systems (Alcendor, 2020). As governments attempt to limit this affliction through border closures, trade restrictions, and confinement measures, it has damaged economies. Apart from affecting the economy and healthcare, it has debilitating effects on many families worldwide.

Disparities in knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAPs) levels exist concerning COVID. Caucasian individuals are perceived to potentially possess high knowledge and confidence linked to a high level of education and income compared to their non-white counterparts, who were likely to have a low level of education and attitude but are seen as high practice responders (Alcendor, 2020). Race, gender, education, income, health insurance status, and political perspectives are all linked to KAPs.

Hispanic and African-Americans have a higher infection rate and the number of fatalities, despite being minority races. African-Americans experienced numerous fatalities in Chicago and Louisiana despite being a minority, comprising approximately a third of the population. These undermine the social determinants in health, socio-economic disparities, and widespread racial disparities in health outcomes in the USA. In NEW YORK, 34% of COVID-related fatalities were Hispanics, who make up almost a third of the population (Alobuia et al., 2020).

Regarding knowledge of COVID, a higher percentage of Caucasian individuals had slightly superior knowledge than Hispanics or African-Americans, who obtained lower scores in a study conducted by the Kaiser Family Foundation “KFF Coronavirus poll” carried out between 11 and 15 March 2020 on individuals residing in the USA. Hence, it is simple to state that a majority of Caucasian individuals were exposed to information on COVID in comparison to their Hispanic and African-American counterparts. The socio-demographical racial disparities are apparent as regions with a high population of Hispanics and African-Americans lacked the accurate knowledge on the COVID virus.

Univariate analysis reveals that African-Americans and Hispanics exhibit a stronger attitude towards COVID, positive or negative, than the Caucasian race. This can be largely attributed to the greater number of Caucasian individuals with better health insurance than other races in the US. Similarly, income significantly influences attitude, and those with high annual incomes displayed fewer attitudes than low-income earners (Alobuia et al., 2020). Higher levels of education and political stances are some of the primary factors contributing to a stronger attitude among Caucasians than other races.

Hispanic and African-Americans demonstrate a higher practice rate than Caucasians in the US. This can be ascribed to exposure to the impacts of the virus and not knowledge of the virus. The connection between knowledge and practice is minimal in this scenario (Alobuia et al., 2020). COVID has impacted numerous social norms and cultural practices among minority races more than Caucasians, thus resulting in a higher number of practices among them. In conclusion, despite having lower knowledge and more negative encounters, minority races are inclined to engage in safe practices to reduce the spread and infection of COVID.

Numerous measures have been implemented to reduce the spread of COVID. These guidelines may diminish the spread, but possessing accurate knowledge and a positive attitude can influence how we interact with COVID. It also leads to more empowerment and inclusivity in decision-making among minorities. Racial disparities in KAP exist globally. A racial and financial disparity exists in the levels of KAPs associated with COVID-19. Further efforts are anticipated to differentiate educational tools tailored to specific racial and socio-economic groups.