A creation of art’s topic and its content are distinct and yet closely linked ideas, as well as its fundamental components. According to Fichner-Rathus (2016), “the topic is the what of a creation of art—individuals, locations, things, themes, processes, occasions” (p. 4). This declaration implies that there are recognizable visual elements that are accessible to nearly all human beings and can be perceived as something representing or resembling reality. In turn, “content refers to a creation’s array of intangible aspects: the emotional, intellectual, psychological, symbolic elements” (Fichner-Rathus, 2016, p. 5). Hence, the content involves the particular thought behind the piece of art, which can be understood through the topic. Thus, the content differs from the topic in its abstract nature, referring to ideas rather than the material world.
The contrast and interdependence of the topic and content of art could be observed in the sculpture Tourists by Duane Hanson created in 1970. The apparent topic of this creation is a couple of individuals, a male and a female, both old-aged. They are dressed in vibrant colors, and their garments resemble stereotypical American attire for holidays: the man wears a t-shirt with palm trees and has a camera, and the woman—sunglasses, bold pants for weekends, and a spacious patterned bag. Both persons are in the position of waiting or observing something.
Yet, the content of this creation is more intricate than it appears. These individuals were probably average consumers of the time 60s when the author worked on the sculpture. They are perhaps from the middle class and dedicate their spare time to vacation trips in the decade when there is no economic crisis that would disturb them so that they are participating in the carefree and meaningless process of spending their money. Hence, Hanson conveys the meaning of troubles and yet eager to new experience existence through the details, such as the garments, the equipment of the couples, and the postures. Therefore, the topic of the sculpture, namely tourists, is complemented by the idea of ironizing about the lack of worries among ordinary people with economically stable status.