Merchants, Distributors and Producers are three stakeholder groups that can significantly contribute to financial success or failure of a business. All three of them are involved in the supply chains of most middle and large-scale product-oriented businesses. The three groups have certain aspects in common but are drastically different in how they engage with a firm’s products and its customers. The disparities apply to the quantities of goods a group is handling as part of its function, as well as its direct role in the chain.
Merchants earn money by acquiring things in bulk at a discount from distributors and reselling them for a profit. They seek to move such things across as swiftly as possible to reduce inventory holding expenses. They, however, then resell the items on a comparatively small scale and don’t facilitate bulk-buying. Out of the three groups, merchants are the most consumer-oriented, and offer direct customer service to those who visit them to purchase products from multiple brands.
Distributors acquire items in bulk from manufacturers and resell them to merchants and consumers at a profit. Distributors take on a moderate level of risk, acting as a part of the chain of middlemen (Bowersox, 2019). To be profitable, they must acquire items in large quantities and deliver them to retailers on time. If the products do not sell and retailers do not restock, the distributor may be left with large quantities of goods that occupy their storage space and are not yielding profit.
Finally, producers are engaged directly in the production of goods that are later sold to distributors or customers directly, depending on the industry. Although manufacturers are, just as the other two groups, in need of accounting for the costs of taxation, salaries and other business expenses, their risk is arguably the lowest of the three (Bowersox, 2019). Since the manufacturers control the quantity produced, they might adjust it depending on the current demand, thus reducing waste to a minimum.