Crafting a lawful explanation for different ages is essential for legislators in the United States. By setting the limits between infancy, youth, and majority, it is feasible to explain the details of such time frames and actions that individuals may display. Nonetheless, as elucidated by Scott (2000) in The Legal Construction of Adolescence , there are several complexities associated with clearly defining the conclusion of infancy and the overall span of youth. Although the ages of infancy and majority can be specified by discerning between the vulnerability of children and the accountability of adults, the ages of adolescent populations are more challenging to ascertain due to the transitional quality of this developmental phase. 

In the present legal structure, youth is not adequately defined. However, it seems that excluding this expression from the system is a highly effective strategy that enables the policymakers to evade additional perplexity linked to the introduction of a new idea. Consequently, the categorical approach is most frequently employed when handling instances involving adolescents, thus depending on the notion of the legal age of maturity (Scott, 2000). In this context, anyone below the legal age of maturity is legally recognized as a minor, obviating the necessity to consider individual developmental traits or disparities in maturity (Scott, 2000). Hence, all persons below the age of 18 are presently classified as minors.

Nevertheless, this legal structure overlooks the myriad of factors influencing the maturity of young populations. Considering the variations in growth, cognitive capacities, and the surrounding setting, some adolescents can reach maturity earlier or later than 18 years. Consequently, the legal explanation of majority may not be applicable to some teenagers, compelling the authorities to handle all persons under 18 as minors irrespective of their actual growth (Scott, 2000). Nonetheless, as elucidated by Scott, integrating the multitude of factors influencing maturity is a highly arduous task that demands substantial effort from legislators.