Plato’s Gorgias is the text penned in the form of discussions between Socrates and sophists. In these conversations, thinkers debate and express their opinions on virtue and rhetoric. According to Gorgias, “A rhetorician is able to speak effectively against all challengers, regardless of the topic, and can thus be more persuasive in front of crowds about… anything he desires” (Dodds, 1990). Therefore, in his perspective, rhetoric is primarily utilized for convincingly presenting an argument.
Socrates contends that speaking practices that gained popularity among sophists in Athens aim at convincing and influencing rather than stating the truth. “And the same will be accurate of the speaker and the speech in relation to all other arts. The speaker need not possess knowledge of the truth about thongs; it is sufficient for him to have uncovered a talent for convincing the uninformed that he appears to know more than the specialists.” (Dodds, 1990). He disdains such a method because speaking rhetoric can be exercised and perfected. Whether it is accurate or not, any argument, whether the speaker comprehends the subject or is unaware.
Hence, the demonstration of how rhetoric and speaking abilities can be misused to convince people into engaging in harmful activities is observed in “Thank You for Smoking” book. The primary character of the book Nick Naylor is a lobbyist for a tobacco company. He can succeed in any argument with his cleverness and his speeches. For instance, he delivered a speech in congress where he commenced with the statement “show of hands who out there believes that cigarettes aren’t perilous?” realizing that the cigarettes are indeed perilous and that nobody engages with the audience in Congress (Buckley 2010). He perfected three rhetorical appeals such as Ethos that appeals to credibility; Logos appeal to reason, and Pathos appeals to emotions. Thus, irrespective of the accuracy behind his words, the audience is most likely to be persuaded by Naylor’s rhetoric at the conclusion of his speech.