Jesus commenced His sermon with an explanation of the Beatitudes, each of which starts with the term fortunate, that is, joyful. Initially, it appears that the primary aim of the Beatitudes is to offer various consolations to the oppressed. However, beyond that, Jesus teaches in this section on how those who are privileged should conduct themselves (English Standard Version Bible, 2001). The passages tackle the issue of where to find solace for those who endure hardship (Matuszewski, 2020). This query formed the foundation of my project in many aspects. Patients might discover the solution for themselves in the gospel passages – let every supplicating and faithful individual be confident that they will be listened to.
Medical professionals will endeavor to assist everyone in need to the best of their ability. They operate in line with God’s intentions and aid in fostering a wholesome relationship between patients and God. As a healthcare practitioner, I am certain that my duties frequently cater to the requirements of those under my care. I am of the opinion that the primary advantage of these passages is that they offer solace to those who have relinquished hope. They also offer some counsel for those yearning for fairness (Hoezee, 2020). Nevertheless, the challenge these passages pose for the healthcare domain is that they do not specify when relief will arrive and sickness will depart.
Matthew Chapter Five does not solely revolve around the same theme. In verse eleven, it advises to remain favored when persecuted for the faith (English Standard Version Bible, 2001). This is the most challenging verse for me, as when confronted with censure, I frequently become bewildered and start to question. However, recently, I have come to the realization that people's adverse reactions only fortify my faith. In general, Scripture itself serves as a compass for me in my profession in healthcare management. The truths it encapsulates enable me to stay on course and impart hope to others, including patients. Furthermore, these passages play a crucial role in heightening my awareness of my spiritual destitution and yearning for God.