Preface
There are a variety of choices utilized by psychologists, psychiatrists, and advisors to recognize the indications of mental health problems and psychiatric disorders among patients. In turn, the Rorschach test is perceived as one of the most well-liked and advanced evaluation systems employed in various regions of the globe. This test has gained widespread recognition in the media, which is why the majority of the global population is familiar with this test because of movies, TV-shows, and fictional stories. On one side, such significant popularity of this evaluation tool can be clarified by its efficacy in the process of identifying various psychiatric issues. On the other hand, this test has been censured by scientists and healthcare providers for several decades in succession.
Currently, this test is depicted as a procedure when the examiner shows the other person each of 10 cards and requests to describe them. In turn, the examinee conveys personal thoughts and ideas concerning the images, thereby providing a psychiatrist the chance to determine some deviations linked with the psychological health of a patient. These cards are predominantly black-and-white, although some inkblots are colored. Concerning the interpretation and assessment of the results, scientists have been debating since the middle of the prior century. As a result, there are numerous evaluation tools that can be employed for the answers of patients. The Rorschach Performance Assessment System (RPAS) and Exner’s Comprehensive System (CS) are considered the most trustworthy and valid assessment tools that can be utilized for the Rorschach test. Therefore, notwithstanding the fact that the proposed psychiatric test has been critiqued many times, it is still one of the most well-founded methods to identify psychiatric issues, such as schizophrenia.
Background
Even though Rorschach is often seen as the first researcher to evaluate the psychological well-being of individuals based on ambiguous scenes, this belief is incorrect. Actually, this individual was inspired by numerous other influencers striving to detect the earliest stages of psychiatric issues. Initially, the boy developed an interest in this area due to the game called Blotto, a form of Klecksography (Teles, 2020). The majority of kids were engaging in this game at the start of the 19th century. Nevertheless, the production of art and charade-based pictures out of inkblot has become Rorschach’s primary point of interest in adulthood as well.
Once the health problem known as schizophrenia became a globally identifiable issue, Rorschach commenced studying the artwork of mental patients. In 1920, the researcher succeeded in developing 15 inkblot cards designed to test the psychological health of patients (Teles, 2020). Initially, the efficacy of utilizing these cards was tested with the help of 400 patients, including 117 individuals previously diagnosed with various kinds of mental health issues. Once the efficacy of this method of psychiatric assessment was validated, Rorschach took appropriate measures to disseminate this information worldwide. In 1921, the book named Psychodiagnostik was published by the House of Bircher (“The Status of the Rorschach”, 2005). However, the Swedish researcher passed away one year later due to complications of physical health problems. In turn, the contribution of this individual to the field of psychology and psychiatry was recognized only after his death.
Applications
To evaluate and interpret the responses of patients accurately, it is crucial to comprehend how the Rorschach test should be employed. First, each respondent should be provided with 10 cards, one by one (Weiner & Greene, 2008). In turn, the examinee is allowed to analyze pictures from different positions. Therefore, test-takers are able to hold the cards upside down or sideways. Furthermore, these individuals can give answers related to their associations with the picture in any form they desire; it can be done with one word or several phrases. Second, the examiner is permitted to pose additional questions or halt the process of a patient responding if the given explanation is not open to future interpretation.
Rorschach and Evaluation Practices
Usually, the evaluation of received results is based on 2 crucial steps, such as concurrent analysis and further interpretation. In the context of the initial stage of evaluation, examiners pay attention to a variety of diverse factors. They encompass the way respondents describe the image, the length of response, additional comments, and the uniqueness of responses. For example, the majority of individuals have a similar perspective on the inkblot cards, which is why the responses of mentally stable individuals are usually the same. Thus, once the individuals provide a unique view of ambiguous scenes, it can be a sign of disturbances in thought patterns. Furthermore, examiners take into consideration the amount of time the respondent takes to provide the answer. In reality, if the waiting time for responses exceeds 10 seconds, the person is suspected to be shocked.
Regarding the evaluation practices, there is a variety of versions that can be used to evaluate the result of the test. In the past century, the most frequently used evaluation practices were the Beck system, the Klopfer system, the Hertz system, the Piotrowski system, and the Rapaport-Schafer system (Mihura & Graceffo, 2014). Simultaneously, the efficacy of these systems turned out to be questionable when other scoring systems were discovered. Exner’s CS has been considered the most dependable way to interpret the results of the test for several decades, even though the Rorschach Performance Assessment System (R-PAS) emerged as its enhanced version.
Critiques of Exner’s CS and Comparisons to the R-PAS Administration
As one of the most widely used interpretation approaches to the Rorschach test, Exner’s CS has been employed by psychiatrists and psychologists since the 1960s. This scoring system can be deemed a tremendously complex approach, as it includes numerous variables that should be measured with the help of different tools. However, a high level of validity is the primary advantage of this scoring system.
In terms of criticism, Exner’s CS has been debated concerning over-diagnosing psychotic disorders and subjectivity. The presence of mistakes was the key reason for the poor reliability of this scoring system. To facilitate the process of results interpretation, scientists continued working on the development of an innovative scoring system even when Exner’s CS was introduced to the world. Consequently, R-PAS considered the drawbacks of previous systems and enhanced them (Meyer & Eblin, 2012). For instance, some of the variables were eliminated, whereas the others were scrutinized from various perspectives.
Currently, complexity, space integration, and space reversal are viewed as the most crucial variables of this evaluation system, even though there are many other variables taken into account. At the same time, it has been verified that responses to the Rorschach test differ depending on the country. Therefore, R-PAS is grounded on a total of 15 adult samples, which makes this scoring system even more reliable (Mihura et al., 2013). Notwithstanding the fact that the latest scoring system still necessitates improvement, it is considered the most valid method to interpret the results of the Rorschach test in contemporary society.
Classification
Classifying Rorschach responses is one of the most significant stages in the process of results interpretation. In reality, the precise classification of responses is expected to provide psychologists and psychiatrists a brief insight