Introduction
On 17 February 2020, Mr. and Mrs. Illman presented a suggestion. They proposed a construction scheme of 4 economical residences with one local needs home on land east of Beck stones and North of Thornthwaite, Keswick (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2021). As per the design, the residences were comprised of four two-story buildings, and one bungalow within a paddock, all sharing a common parking area. The residences will relish the tranquil view and location at the base of the historic hill.

Summary of Local People’s Thoughts
The economical housing proposal encountered significant refusals by local inhabitants in the suggested area. The local residents had their rationales based on the valuable historical view of the national park, such as the absence of necessity for houses in such a secluded place with high natural vista value (Zhongming et al., 2020). Amid other reasons for rejections was the inadequacy of the parking lounge, possibilities of flooding, and the probability of properties surrounding the area losing value (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2021). There were 12 distinct objections to the notion submitted to the district planners following the proposals, with some opposing the scheme and others siding with it.

Some of the submissions included grounds for implementing economical housing in the chosen location. Some submissions indicated that it was evident economical housing had been selected, as the plans were more liable to gain a sympathetic ear from planning officers, being the current highest area of need. The overriding consideration of the local plan was to give greater weight to conserving and enhancing natural beauty, wildlife, and cultural heritage. Any acceptance of the plans would signify that, as the planning authority, they have not fulfilled their duty (Mackinlay, 2022). Other claims raised to the authorities included the tranquil location of the site, the project’s impact on the neighbors of the residences, and the potential threat the development would impose on protected species and ecology. Additionally, some argued the matter of the appearance the proposed residences would portray (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2020). Consequently, eight letters were submitted to the authorities to support the proposed scheme.

One of the supporters stated the scheme would meet the dramatically increasing need for affordable houses. A second supporter mentioned that the local area would continue to suffer, as there are no young generations in the villages. A third one stated it was a significant surprise for the planning committee to object to the development scheme, yet they were aware of the increasing need for affordable houses. Overall, the entire project encountered various objections with significant issues revolving around the land’s tranquility. Something that required maximal environmental conservation and the ever-rising need for affordable residences. The objections and support of the project by different parties lead to the authorization of a vague one. Every issue raised had some significant weight on the decision to be made.

The Extent to which the Development Accords the Development Plan and the National Planning Policy Framework
Despite meeting a couple of criteria set by the development plan and the National Planning Policy Framework, the development missed some that the same development planning body had set. The first criterion involved regulating development plans to ensure such projects benefit the local area’s rural natural environment and landscape. These main aspects have played a considerable role in promoting tourism and the cultural preservation of history. The proposal submitted by Mr. and Mrs. Illman did not meet this criterion because rather than contributing positively to the area’s landscape, it tarnished the area’s tranquility (Gkartzios et al., 2022). The economical residences are located adjacent to a historical hill and a tranquil view of the National park. Therefore, the project would block the views tarnishing the area’s landscapes. As a result, the proposed scheme is likely to affect tourism negatively, a central idea behind the planning of rural areas.

Furthermore, the project would interfere with the environment because it is located on an undeveloped piece of land. As a result, it will imply interfering with the natural environment to ensure human needs such as roads are available to the residences’ occupants. The second criterion regulates authorization of remote land encroachment on whether the project will enhance the availability of the various services and community facilities. Some of the projects that may meet the requirement include setting up local shops, meeting places, places of worship, and public houses (‘‘Lake District National Park,’’ 2022). The project proposed by Mr. and Mrs. Illman met this criterion as the plan involved the construction of four double-floored residences and one bungalow. As a result, the project will play a key role in addressing the housing problem, which is rampant in the current world. Providing economical residences in rural areas will play a role in easing the population of people in urban areas.

The third criterion used to authorize rural projects is how the project promotes the development and diversification of the various land-based businesses and agriculture. The plan proposed by the Illman’s failed to meet the criteria as the plan had no direct contributions to either business of agriculture. The plan stipulated the living residences, and therefore, there is no diversification, which will be realized as the plan lacks any idea of how to exploit the area economically. The fourth criterion was set on the authorization of rural land utilization as the project’s role in the sustainability of the businesses that exist in the rural areas. The proposed scheme, in this case, would meet this requirement, as their migration to the rural areas would imply buying various services and goods traded within the locality, thus positively influencing the business.

Assessment of the Issues Raised by the Proposal
Various issues arose following the proposed plan, where multiple parties had different views on the idea. Some of the problems were realistically leading to the decision to reject the plan rightfully, while others were unrealistic and should not even have contributed to the decision-making. The negative impact of lacking the young generation in rural areas was one of the critical issues raised by supporters of the plan stating it negatively affects various businesses and agricultural activities. As a result, it would contribute to the fading of the historical culture of the people. The idea has a sense in it and should have been more considered over most of the ideas that led to the plan’s rejection (Walker, 2020). Once a person is born in the town, raised, and aged in the town implies they will not have exposure to the culture, which eventually fades away.

Furthermore, destroying the view of the Hill and the National Park naturally was the other major issue that rose following the proposal. The idea was not as relevant on the grounds of the height of the hills and the park, and that which the residences would cover was insignificant. Still, the views were clear according to the various pictures submitted by the plan’s supporters to the authorities. Therefore, because the projected residences had insignificant impacts on the tranquility of the area nor the views of the Hill and the park, the issue should not have played a role in rejecting the home’s construction. Another issue arose following the proposal regarding its role in decreasing the value of the properties that exist within the location (‘‘The Keswick Reminder,’’ 2022). The idea was significant to the proposal, bearing in mind the objective of making rural tourism better. The construction of the residences would cause the Hill to loosen its value. Initially, tourists would enjoy the tranquility and loneliness of the hill, but once the residences are constructed, they will