Throughout history, involvements such as security measures and isolation were executed to enhance public safety. According to Rosenberg (2019), Mary Mallon was “the first “healthy carrier” of typhoid fever” recognized in the United States at the beginning of the 20th century, which made her notorious as Typhoid Mary (para. 1). This woman was discovered to be a typhoid bacteria carrier, and healthcare authorities blamed her for 47 illnesses and three deaths, isolating her on an island for most of her life (Rosenberg, 2019, para. 45).

Woolliscroft (2020) argues that the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and people’s public health responsibilities are “a modern instance of a long-standing problem as exemplified by the celebrated case” of Typhoid Mary (p. 1141). The tale of the coronavirus outbreak during the 2020 charity tournament of Novak Djokovic is a recent example of a mass disease spread. As Shapiro (2020) reports, four tennis players tested positive for COVID-19 despite the organizers’ effort to adhere to health guidelines and ensure safety (para. 1). In contrast to the Typhoid Mary situation, contemporary security protocols and isolation actions enabled to restrict the adverse consequences of the Djokovic case for the public.

Overall, humanity has significantly enhanced public health measures since the Typhoid Mary incident in the 20th century. While the case of Mary Mallon raised moral concerns and the issue of individual rights, it also emphasized the importance of infections disease identification in asymptomatic carriers to prevent extensive outbreaks. The situation of Novak Djokovic illustrated how a prompt response could decrease the adverse consequences of mass spread. Both instances raise the following questions: “What measures can be executed to reduce outbreaks?” and “What role do clinicians play in disease management?” Based on the World Health Organization’s guidelines outlined by Salathé et al. (2020), I suggest “rapid diagnosis and immediate isolation of cases, rigorous tracking and precautionary self-isolation of close contacts” to control outbreaks (p. 1).

Moreover, Blais and Hayes (2016) emphasize the role of nursing in global health and disease prevention and management, specifically, raising awareness, enhancing communication, and identifying solutions to challenges. Individuals should accumulate knowledge obtained throughout history to enhance public health and safety measures.