The educational-to-correctional facility conduit is a phenomenon, which suggests that removing students can propel them to confront the criminal justice system. Harsh strategies of repercussions resulting in exclusion and the presence of law enforcement at schools contribute to this progression. For instance, in 2017, as per the Bureau of Juvenile Justice and Misbehavior Prevention in the U.S. Department of Justice, “more than 230,000 children aged 14 and under were apprehended” (Meek & Austin, 2019, para. 7). This scenario is particularly significant to children with learning disabilities and individuals of color. The conduit is a crucial phenomenon, which demands close attention as an increasing number of individuals are affected by this illogical situation, and methods for halting or decelerating it need to be discovered.
The present school policy is one of the primary causes for the conduit's presence, as even minor breaches of school regulations are criminalized today. This approach has been dubbed “zero-tolerance,” suggesting that an individual faces a harsh penalty regardless of the circumstances (American Civil Liberties Union, 2020, para. 6). The youth encounters the justice system in scenarios that should usually be managed at schools, for instance, students may be expelled for carrying nail clippers (ACLU, 2020). The primary reason for this phenomenon is the system of repercussions, which permits student exclusion. As outlined by Letitia Basford, the associate professor at the Hamlin University, “when students are expelled <…>, they miss vital classroom time, fall far behind, and are more likely to drop out” (as cited in Kopas, 2020, para. 6). The research demonstrated that when schools offer children with a welcoming ambiance, contemporary methodologies, and adaptable programs, they deter the conduit occurrence (Kopas, 2020). Educating students about the presence of such a phenomenon and discussing it in classrooms also aids in combating the situation.
One of the most crucial issues is concerns with children having learning disabilities, as they face the situation more frequently than healthy students. Most of their medical issues are untreated, thus, leading to disengagement. The exclusion is the most perilous practice in such instances, as children are discharged from the educational facility, and their parents typically cannot be at home with them, either. It is evident that this situation “hits the hardest: kids with cognitive impairments, kids in child protection, and Aboriginal kids” (Hopkins, 2019, para. 6). Based on this, the outcome of them confronting the criminal justice system seems logical.
One of the most severe problems the conduit raises is racial inconsistencies. The disproportionality in expulsions from school mirrors the recognized incarceration rates. For instance, data from 2014 indicates that “black children made up 33 percent of all children suspended, while <…> black adults make up 33 percent of the total prison population” (Meek & Austin, 2019, para. 12). Researchers have determined that schools with more black students have higher suspension rates (Nelson & Lind, 2015). It is approximated that when dealing with identical behaviors, teachers rate black children as more challenging and opt for more severe repercussions for them. The issue of racial bias is a significant problem as it persists despite all the efforts of combating it.
An important query is the measures for resolving the issue, and many experts suggest reverting to the prior system with “indigenous courts, restorative alternatives to exclusion, community-led justice reinvestment initiatives” (Hopkins, 2019, para. 11). To avert the conduit, there are a few efficacious means, such as the establishment of appropriate restrictions for the police intervention in schools and educating teachers for supporting at-risk students. These measures may assist in managing the issue of the conduit or reducing the pace of its dissemination.
In conclusion, an educational-to-correctional facility conduit is a significant issue existing in society. The system impacts children in an adverse manner, interfering with their lives and propelling them toward a crime. A critical matter is that it raises discrimination, affecting black children and individuals with learning disabilities more than healthy white students. Measures, which are aimed at addressing the issue, exist and continue to be researched to aid individuals in attaining success in life, and not becoming victims of the present policy system.