Slavery has been one of the most challenging aspects of the history of mankind. Slavery evolved as European trading and maritime settlements that needed additional labor in the American colonies (Harris, 2018). Settlers included enslaved individuals from Native Americans and forcibly brought Africans, utilizing slave labor in every sector of the economy, from sugar production to harvesting and exploration of raw materials (Harris, 2018). The institution of slavery in British North America can be defined by how colonists perceived enslaved individuals.
As slavery gradually expanded throughout America, each region had variations. For example, Jamestown in Virginia became the initial enduring British settlement through which enslaved Africans were transported to North America (Harris, 2018). Similar to Jamestown, other harbor cities practiced slavery mainly by linking the international slave trade with rural and urban slave markets (Harris, 2018). Slavery practices were observed to extend in Boston, which is thought to be the first location where someone attempted to compel enslaved individuals to have offspring to generate income (Harris, 2018). Later, Massachusetts enacted the initial statute of slavery in British North America (Harris, 2018). While the institution of slavery was progressing throughout America, the labor functions did not differ significantly (Harris, 2018). Colonists employed enslaved individuals as household labor or to cultivate and produce trade goods (Harris, 2018). Colonial areas seized individuals to coerce them to work, but slavery practices appear to differ based on how settlers perceived enslaved individuals, whether for commerce, profit, or as sanctioned possessions.
Even though slavery used to be a notable source of labor in colonial America, indentured servants were also widespread. Enslaved individuals were comprised of Native Americans or Africans, with the latter brought to America against their wishes (Harris, 2018). Nonetheless, indentured servants made personal decisions to migrate, seeking economic opportunities and desiring to have a better life abroad (Delao, 2021). The servants frequently labored cultivating tobacco and developing the economy, with indentured servitude influencing culture and society in North America (Delao, 2021). Colonial regions had diverse labor practices, but some were compelled to work while others did so voluntarily.
In conclusion, the institution of slavery was marked by capturing individuals and regarding them as a labor force. Regions frequently perceived enslaved individuals as commodities for trading or ways to generate income but failed to recognize them as human beings. Nevertheless, labor was represented not just by enslaved individuals but also by indentured servants who willingly came to colonial America seeking employment to enhance their lives.