The African American Lives Matter movement is one of the noteworthy social movements influencing the human comprehension of race. It is dedicated to eliminating systemic racism in America. This occurrence involves, for instance, racial bias among law enforcement officers and judicial unfairness against black individuals. The African American Lives Matter movement encompasses various divisions in over ten American states. A movement emerged following the senseless killing of an African American adolescent. A year later, a tribunal comprising five Caucasian individuals and solely one black lady acquitted the law enforcement officer. The tribunal's ruling incited extensive demonstrations from the African American community.

The African American Lives Matter movement is not about individual imperfections but the perceived overall unfairness of the American system, capitalism, and Caucasian people's supremacy. The African American Lives Matter movement and its leaders were certainly part of the American heritage. Their principles and convictions can be retraced to the past of democracy and the founding fathers of individual rights. The current COVID-19 predicament intensified the African American Lives Matter dispute. In the United States, pandemic-linked racial partitions have also worsened the general issue. Thirty percent of all infected individuals in the nation are individuals with black pigmentation (while the black populace in the United States is roughly twelve percent).

The African American Lives Matter movement can be delineated through the relative deprivation theory. According to Ferris and Stein (2020), this theory clarifies the conduct of the deprived or subjugated cluster of individuals striving to safeguard their rights. Contrasted with other clusters, black individuals have been subjected to subjugation from the government and society. This social movement is preoccupied with balancing the rights of black and Caucasian individuals. The African American Lives Matter movement has contributed to a significant transformation in the world. Black individuals endeavor to fulfill their moral and physical requirements, which they lack as members of society.

This movement is extensively diffused globally, challenging the current society's framework. Individuals from diverse nations commenced understanding the extent of the racial predicament in America. This movement incited a conversation about the privation of black individuals, empowering individuals to be tolerant of disparities. Thanks to the African American Lives Matter movement, society progressed to a fresh stage of moral evolution. The necessity of promoting racial and cultural approval was underscored. Nonetheless, the subsequent stride in pursuing equality should be governments. The intensity of the protest will not propel America and any other nations towards democracy. This is due to the reality that each conflicting faction is seeking a dictatorship for itself and at the very least yearns to assert their own rights through extensive public demonstrations. This universal predicament entails more judicious and extensive resolutions.

Hence, the African American Lives Matter movement has had a notable impact on society. COVID-19 has brought to light all the predicaments, encompassing inequality and injustice, that have accumulated over the years. In the heart of repudiation, individuals are inclined to bestow particular groups with greater advantages. Racism can be contemplated as part of a self-protective reaction. If Caucasian individuals concede that individuals with black pigmentation are equal to them, they will discover themselves in a pool of inequality in the worldwide sphere. To resolve these disparity dilemmas, superior individuals should be prepared to distribute wealth, mobility, or social capital with the deprived. Some individuals contend that racial disparity cannot be entirely eradicated owing to human nature striving for supremacy over others achieved through comparison. Hence, the issue of social disparity exists in all nations and must be combated further.