Introduction
This demonstration will concentrate on how three distinct news sources present on the Olympics 2022 in Beijing. The three articles were released in Sports Illustrated, ESPN, and CNN. The focus of the three pieces is on the final ceremony of the Winter Olympics, which occurred in Beijing. The Olympic games are a significant occasion in sports on the worldwide level because it enables athletes from many different states to compete and exhibit their skills and potential. Therefore, by assessing this occasion and how diverse news sources write about it, one can compare the different approaches to reporting and varying political and social stances.
The initial news source is Sports Illustrated, and the article is named “How to Watch Winter Olympic Closing Ceremony: Live Stream, TV Channel, Start Time” and written by Carter (2022). In this article, the author writes about the Olympics’ attire ceremony with a focus on the American athletes who have achieved medals and will be present at this ceremony. Also, the author provides some particulars concerning the time of streaming and the news channels where one will be able to witness the ceremony. This article is focused on exalting the American team and on accentuating the champions, such as Elana Meyers Taylor.
The second article addressing the topic of the Winter Olympics final ceremony is the one published by ESPN. The author is Hamilton (2022), and the title of this article is “Winter Olympics 2022: Highlights from the closing ceremony in Beijing.” This article primarily focuses on social media’s response to the games and their final ceremony, which is displayed in Picture 1. Hamilton (2022) also noted the dispute surrounding these games due to the ongoing pandemic that continues to influence people’s lives. Thus, this article is more intricate when compared to the first one and covers a wider range of subjects, including the social and political factors connected to the Olympic Games 2022.
The last news source that also informed on the final ceremony of the Olympic Games 2022 is CNN. This article is written by the CNN team and comprises little text and a myriad of images that illustrate the final ceremony. The title of this article is “In pictures: The Olympics closing ceremony in Beijing” (2022), which clarifies the focus on the photographs as opposed to the text. An instance of this is shown in Picture 3 above. Before presenting the pictures, the authors briefly talk about what the Olympic games are, their purpose, the prior Olympics that were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and other background information.
Statistics
The statistics uphold several characteristics that are associated with both the Olympics and globalization. The 2022 Olympics transpired in the three regions of Beijing, Yanqing, and Zhangjiakou with 12 competition venues. This introduced viewers and athletes to several locations and cultural heritage spots of which they were likely formerly unaware. The events were broadly broadcast with as many as 24 official rights-holding broadcasting companies present throughout the Olympics. More than 300 sublicensees were also able to depict and discuss the event which allowed for the variety of reporting and news releases throughout the sources we observed. Over 1952 accredited press staff members were present, with 1491 of which were from non-domestic organizations. 520 news outlets, and 602 photographers operated during the events. As such, the statistics illustrate the extent to which globalization has been ingrained in the reporting of such massive global events as the Olympics. While news outlets have specific needs and views and report regarding their nations, they are still entwined and involved in the overall progression of the event.
2022 Olympics Closing Ceremony