Tesla had penetrated the automotive market forcefully and, with dynamic leadership, clever marketing, and high-quality goods, established a significant portion for itself. It inevitably places the corporation at odds with other automobile vendors, including the giants like Volkswagen and Toyota, who utilize a different retail model. While the rivalry and increased supply influence the variety of options that individuals have positively, monopolization still remains a possibility, driven by the same sinful nature that was already acknowledged in biblical times. Overall, Tesla's entrance into the automotive market influenced the situation for the better as far as the average consumer is concerned. On one hand, it added another automobile producer to the list of those to select from and, therefore, broadened the array of options available to the customers. Besides that, its focus on direct sales, as opposed to franchising, creates a distinct purchasing experience, which also facilitates choice. Concerning natural market forces, increased supply embodied by Tesla's entrance into the market is also a favorable factor. The dynamics of the economy guarantee that, with an expanded supply and roughly stable demand, the price equilibrium point will progressively move down, thereby making the goods more accessible. In this regard, heightened competition also affects the variety of options for the better, albeit indirectly, as reduced prices ensure there can be more alternatives for the same spending level. That being said, the drive toward monopolization, with all its detrimental effects for the consumer, still persists. The simplest biblical explanation for this drive is, of course, the sin of greed that propels individuals to obtain more than they can conceivably need. By eradicating competition and dominating the market, monopolist suppliers endeavor to enhance their wealth at the expense of the consumers by depriving them of alternatives, which is scarcely Christian. In summary, Tesla's rivalry with conventional auto vendors impacts the variety of options positively insofar as the consumer is concerned. Increased supply and competition ensure that, at least theoretically, there should be more choices available. Nevertheless, there is no doubt that any sizable company in the industry would prefer the chance to monopolize the market by eliminating competition to gratify its greed. The person I interviewed for this assignment was my mother, a devout and conservative Christian woman. She does not have much interest in the automotive market, and her responses were largely influenced by the common-sense perspective on the matter. She contended that the introduction of a new company into the market is generally beneficial because it would provide people with more choice alternatives. She had little to say about the natural market forces shaping the supply-demand mechanics in the automotive market but presumed that competition was beneficial as long as the companies competed honestly. She even cited Proverbs 1:11 – "The Lord detests dishonest scales, but the accurate weights find favor with him." That was her way of expressing her aversion to the deceitful and corrupt competition practices. Referring to the desire to monopolize the market and eliminate competition, she likened it to the Pharaoh lending grain to the Jews, as depicted in Genesis 47. From her standpoint, it is not merely greed that propels the desire toward monopolization but the craving for power and control. According to her, establishing a scenario where people cannot choose and only purchase from a single supplier means making servants of people, like the Pharaoh would make servants of Jacob's sons, if not for Joseph.