A tavern diagram alludes to a scheme or chart that contrasts diverse classifications of information using rectangular bars, either vertically or horizontally. The bar length is proportional to the figures. New York Times issued a newspaper on 10 th Feb 2022 and an article ‘How the pandemic has influenced weddings,' and individuals utilized the graph to display yearly weddings from 1970 to 2022. Annually there were 2.1 million weddings in the United States, but in the initial year of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, there was a decline by 38 percent to 1.3 million weddings (Osisanwo, 2021). The pivotal facet of a graph that renders it significant in articles is the synopsis that is brought out in the discussion and analysis section. For instance, in the article mentioned above, the graph has condensed individuals virtually conducted most of the weddings in 2020 with few guests due to government restrictions on COVID-19 as other weddings were deferred.
Contextually, graphs provide a lucid visual impression of the pivotal facets deliberated, rendering the data comprehensible by the reader or researcher. In 2021 the COVID-19 restrictions like social distancing were eased, and there was an enhancement to 1.9 million weddings from the preceding year. The downturn in several weddings has concerned countries’ fertility rates, as per the article (Osisanwo, 2021). Graphs are employed to convey information and entertain the article reader. Contrasting the figures of weddings in the nation for several years aids the reader forecast the future wedding trend from the former data. The reader gets a lucid image of the article presented. Moreover, it covers extensive data on a smaller page.
Straightforward, regular, and adaptable are the critical elements that render the chart valuable in the content of an article. Simply refers to how effortlessly the variable can be interpreted. The heading should be straightforward and to the point (Osisanwo, 2021). The data should be standardized and not intricate for easy comprehension. It also fosters consistency across article organizations. Additionally, adaptable is another critical element that alludes to a project’s capability to visualize the increasing amount of data acquired. Individuals should utilize the appropriate charts if the visual scalability is heightened. Ultimately, charts make it effortless for the reader in data comparison and analysis.