Preamble
The Clash of Ia Drang was the inaugural extensive military confrontation in the Vietnam War between the troops of the United States Army and the People’s Army of Vietnam (PAVN). Executed as a component of the Pleiku Campaign, the Conflict of Ia Drang took place in the Ia Drang vale in two phases on November 14-19, 1965 (Galloway, 2010). The battle, recognized for its primary large-scale helicopter assault and continuous air assistance, set the standard for subsequent military confrontations by American troops and their strategies in the Vietnam War. The aim of this document is to scrutinize the historical occurrence of the Clash of Ia Drang from the viewpoint of the operational art and design idea, Joint Planning, and other pertinent joint doctrinal publications.
Historical Information
On the dawn of November 14, the soldiers of the 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry, initiated a heliborne assault into Landing Zone X-Ray with the objective of preventing an attack on the Plei Me camp discovered by intelligence previously. Towards the conclusion of the second day, after efficiently preserving positions, the U.S. directed the initial use of B-52 carpet bombings, hitting key positions of PAVN troops. Precise artillery strikes during the conflict also acted as crucial support for the soldiers, holding off PAVN troops that substantially outnumbered the Americans. On the third day, PAVN persisted with desperate assaults on the U.S. positions until, eventually, L.Z. X-Ray was secured. The U.S. troops lost 79 soldiers and had 121 wounded, while 634 PAVN troops were confirmed deceased, with an estimated additional 1215 dead from long-distance artillery and airstrikes (Cash, 2001).
As L.Z. X-Ray was secured, and units were scattered to other locations. Under the leadership of Lt. Col. Robert McDade, the 2nd Battalion, 7th Cavalry initiated its route towards LZ Albany around 2 miles northeast. McDade’s troops encountered the remnants of the PAVN 33rd and 66th regiments, leading to an ambush that dispersed the U.S. troops into small groups as the initial group marched in a single-file column. The conflict lasted for nearly 16 hours near LZ Albany. Eventually, air support managed to bomb zones of potential PAVN encampments at a safe distance from U.S. troops while reinforcements arrived from other L.Z.s. In the engagement at LZ Albany, 155 US troops were killed or missing, with 124 wounded, while 403 PAVN troops were confirmed deceased (Cash, 2001).
Operational Art and Design
Cognitive Strategy
Operational art is the cognitive strategy used by military leadership utilizing their capabilities and judgment to develop strategies and operations to utilize military forces through the integration of ends, ways, means, and risks based on available information. Operational design is a methodology planner which provides the structure to support the operation and methods to address the problem (Joint Chiefs of Staff, 2017). American operations in Vietnam began with Operation Rolling Thunder which consisted mostly of air bombardments and support for South Vietnamese forces. There was no clear consensus on the end to be achieved, the means that ground forces were to use, and the eventual cost. Pres. Johnson initially sought to pursue a limited war theory approach and minimize involvement (Rosen, 1982). The American commander in Vietnam, Gen. William C. Westmoreland, saw America’s commitment to military victory, and the initial troops of two battalions were present to protect U.S. airports.
Design Approach
Operational design in joint doctrine consists of three components understanding the environment, defining the problem, and developing an operational approach. There was a need for large numbers of U.S. troop presence, especially with a division with offensive capabilities in the Central Highlands, which included the Ia Drang Valley. The primary concern of the MACV commander was that the North Vietnamese conventional units amassing in the region were preparing an offensive. This attack would have had the purpose of either destroying the South Vietnamese government, splitting apart their forces along Highway 19, or carving out an autonomous district and establishing a Communist presence in South Vietnam (Schifferle, 1994).
The three stages of the American campaign were designed to secure bases and L.Z.s for the deployment of forces, conduct deep patrolling in the vicinity of base areas, and conduct long-range search-and-destroy operations against enemy forces. All of this was meant to occur in four phases (Schifferle, 1994). Westmoreland understood the situation well that U.S. forces faced not only the threat from PAVN conventional forces but also massive guerilla warfare from the Vietcong, as well as insurgency among many rural populations, including that in South Vietnam. Operation Rolling Thunder also created the strategic requirement to guard and logistically sustain the bombing campaign. Westmoreland and other commanders believed in pursuing the ‘big-unit strategy’ with the aim of achieving the destruction of NVA main force units in Central Highlands, despite the high costs of casualties and funding it brought (Schifferle, 1994).
Finally, the operational environment (O.E.) is a key consideration for operational design. As highlighted in Joint Public 3.0, an O.E. is the combination of conditions, circumstances, and influences that impact the employment of military capabilities and the decision-making of command. This includes the physical space (land, water, air), information environment, and other factors such as social, political, infrastructure, political, and economic (Incorporating Change 1, 2018). The operational environment was hostile and challenging, with little information available; thus, the informational space was lacking. The U.S. troops had a basic understanding of the local geography but had little knowledge of the presence of PAVN forces until those chose to reveal themselves. The physical environment on land was in favor of the adversary, given the U.S. had not previously fought in jungle terrains, and most of the military preparations stemmed from the urban and open space warfare of WWII. However, the U.S. had the advantage of uncontested air space, which it could use to its advantage for surveillance, aerial bombardment, and heliborne assaults.
Operational Goals
End States
End states are the set of required conditions that must be met to achieve the strategic objective. Some of the end states for the engagement were a full defeat and pushback of PAVN forces in the Ia Drang Valley to prevent any further potential or planned assaults on U.S. camps and airports. Another end state was to conduct a successful heliborne assault of ground troops deep into enemy-controlled territory with the support of airborne strikes and artillery fire, being the first time the strategy was implemented into practice in this manner in Vietnam. Finally, the battle was meant to be the first primary engagement of U.S. troops with the NVA forces, marking a major escalation in the Vietnam War given that previously the U.S. engaged solely through bombardments or South Vietnam proxy forces (Warren, 2017).
Objectives
Objectives are objects that, by nature, location, purpose, and use, provide an effective contribution to military action. The objectives for the forces participating in the Ia Drang assault