Robert Williams, the accused had fled from a psychiatric hospital and stayed in Des Moines YMCA. A 10 years girl was reported missing during a wrestling competition at YMCA. Williams became the primary suspect of the young girls’ kidnapping after a young boy admitted to witnessing him at the YMCA loading his car with a large bundle of garments with “lean and pale legs” on the same day the girl disappeared. Williams surrendered himself and was prepared to admit only in the presence of his legal counsel in Des Moines. The detective who transported him to Des Moines knew he was highly religious and informed Williams that the girl deserved a “Christian burial.” William replied with incriminating statements that guided authorities to the young girls’ remains. Williams was accused of first-degree homicide and imprisoned.
Was the sixth amendment stifled depriving the accused of the right to legal representation?
Yes, the accused's right to legal representation was stifled during the legal proceedings. The accused was placed in an interrogative atmosphere when the investigator conversed with Williams without his attorney present (Brewer v. Williams, 1977). The accused was mentally handicapped and the police interview coaxed out self-incriminating remarks leading to his prosecution. The proof was improperly gathered and disclosed during the trial due to the violation of the accused's right to legal representation.
The case was settled at the Supreme Court in a 5-4 ruling and the majority opinion maintained that adversarial proceedings had commenced without the presence of the accused's legal counsel breaching the Sixth Amendment's protections (Brewer v. Williams, 1977). The Supreme Court also inferred that the officer who brought up the “Christian burial” subject intentionally violated Williams' rights. This was because the officer had drafted an agreement not to question the suspect on the way to meet his attorney. Robert William was acquitted since the evidence used against him was improperly accepted in court.