In general, the business case for the Centers for Diabetes seems favorable since the project is closely aligned with the requirements of the community and the objectives set by the Affordable Care Act (ACA). However, there are potential hazards, as outlined thoroughly in the SWOT analysis, which must be considered before the final decision is made. This note will specify the hazards for the Centers for Diabetes and suggest potential ways of mitigating them.
First and foremost, the concept of a community health center that caters to the community health needs is closely aligned with the value-based care and the community focus that are the objectives set by ACA. Furthermore, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Healthy People 2030 report mentions the necessity to focus on how health issues are managed from a community outlook rather than an individual perspective. Hence, there is a risk of other healthcare facilities that receive reimbursements from Medicare and Medicaid in the county opting to establish a similar initiative. This is because diabetes is a prevalent issue in the United States, impacting 10% of the overall population and 14% of the Hispanic and African-American community.
The sole approach to mitigate this risk is to commence marketing and outreach activities as soon as the project is sanctioned and there is funding to sustain the subsequent stages of operations. By doing so, the community will become acquainted with the hospital and the Center, and even if other similar initiatives emerge, this Center will already possess an established brand image, which can assure that it will also have visitors.
The second notable concern identified in the report is the financial statements, since according to the evaluations, the reimbursements, revenue, and grant funding will be inadequate to cover the expenses of staffing and operations. Hence, there is a necessity to either incorporate services that can be reimbursed under ACA or secure an additional source of funding. Alternatively, there can be an option for reducing the costs, for instance, having fewer community workers or cutting the expenses associated with traveling to help guarantee that the funds that this Center will have are covering these costs. Nevertheless, it is a better choice to request additional grant funding as it is crucial to ensure that this Center addresses the health education needs of the community effectively. Another alternative to obtain additional funding would be to seek assistance from the hospital, as the community center aids in reducing the number of complications and, thus, costs needed to care for the patients with diabetes. Furthermore, the hospital can refer its patients to the health center to advocate for their health education and self-care, and reciprocally, support the operations of this facility.
In conclusion, this note identifies the potential risks that the Center for Diabetes may encounter. The two primary concerns that should be deliberated before the launch of the Center for Diabetes are the possible danger of other community initiatives addressing the same health inequality. This matter can be resolved through early outreach and marketing. The second issue is the funding problem, as the financial statements indicate that the revenue and grant will not suffice to cover the operational expenses. Therefore, the Center has the choice of additional services, requesting further grants, or seeking assistance from the hospital.