Nursing Hypothesis Case Study
The quantifiable nursing desired outcome linked to enhancing the chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patient's condition is to maintain respiratory stability with concise breathing. Another expected outcome is for the patient to demonstrate behavior patterns that enhance airway clearance, such as coughing effectively and expelling secretions. Additional objectives concerning the above comprise the progression of the patients presenting enhanced breathing rate, personal independence in self-care operations, enhancement in exercise bias, and nutrient requirements that meet calorie consumption. The ongoing research examines often utilized quality indicators such as pulmonary function, overall health, exercise performance and activity level, dyspnea, acute episodes, the multifaceted BODE rating, and death rates. The existing clinical practice is yielding the intended care results. The 75-year-old Indigenous American has demonstrated some improvement in his exercise performance activity level and overall health.
One of the theories of care that have been developed to aid direct nursing and enhance the outcomes for the hospitalized patient is the 'care-based on-oxygenation' (CBOO) theory. This theory concentrates on delivering the most excellent care to the patient based on the level of oxygenation in his blood. The concept is grounded on research that indicates that providing the best possible care to the patient results in improved consequences. Additionally, it is also a method of delivering care focused on the needs of the COPD patient and oxygenation to attain the very best possible outcomes for the client.
Concept Map
The International Council of Nursing (ICN) and the World Health Organization (WHO) established a nursing hypothesis that affirms that the nursing profession is an interconnected phase of human experience that offers, but not limited to, the socioeconomic, structural, and universal healthcare framework. Nursing hypothesis is crucial to comprehend the nursing assistant's role, feature, and procedure concerning an individual, household, and community. The patient care role, purpose, and practice environment are defined as an interconnected core of personal experience that provides the interpersonal, structural, sentimental, psychological, religious, and cultural milieu of the specific participant. According to this hypothesis, nursing practice is not restricted to the context and placing of the healthcare system.
Nursing hypothesis imparts a fundamental understanding of core concepts, enabling many in the career field to elucidate what they are doing for ill individuals and why they do it. This is particularly vital because it empowers nurses to articulate information that validates the methods and techniques that underlie their profession (Suthasini, 2018). They also acquire critical thinking skills, which enable them to discern and apply data, scientific evidence, and concepts from a broad range of sources and layouts.
An individual who has studied nursing hypothesis as a registered nurse has influenced their practice. It is time to delve slightly deeper now that they are in nursing education. Critical thinking and problem-solving are central to health care since both have been established through a comprehensive examination of the base of information and applying theory in the healthcare setting. Individuals can utilize their critical thinking skills to recognize research gaps, investigate multiple viewpoints, and summarize fresh concepts as critical thinkers.
Nursing hypothesis instructs everyone to think like a nurse by implementing clinical reasoning and critical thinking in real-world clinical environments. Individuals will learn the significance of nursing hypothesis, various theoretical approaches, and how to differentiate between legitimate and invalid hypotheses in the theory class. You will also understand how to develop nursing theories in a healthcare setting, which will also aid one in making rational choices and providing the best care to their patient populations. As a registered nurse (RN), one's role would be to provide vision and management in a setting that emphasizes treatment, convenience, and preventative measures (Thelakkadan & Chacko, 2021). As a manager, they will contribute to the definition of nursing hypothesis notions and clinical decision-making required to provide protected, efficient treatment to those in greatest need. A healthcare professional, one will be adept at interpreting and enforcing theoretical concepts to actual clinical contexts and using your care judgment to provide comprehensive care.
One will have to utilize their clinical experience, expert opinion, and skills to provide vision and management to the staff nurses and other representatives of the multidisciplinary teams, which include doctors, medical assistants, and other medical professionals, in the care of experience in a wide range of severe, critical care, and long-term care settings. The primary goal is to provide the best medical service to sick individuals.
Understanding nursing hypothesis concepts and how they can be utilized to continue enhancing the nursing interventions and procedures is one of the most crucial matters nurses can do to improve the patients' services. The nursing care plan is an essential aspect of nursing. It is an integral part of the patient's medical record used to plan nursing home care for that particular patient. The nursing care plan could satisfy the needs of specific groups or individuals. The nursing care plan guides the nurse and other medical professionals.