At the moment, AIDS is becoming quite widespread, despite all the preventative and familiarization measures carried out in educational institutions. Thus, to enhance the situation, college administrations are introducing various measures to combat the issue. The educational organization, Camden County College decided to install dispensers with condoms in the restrooms. Henceforth, this effort aims to demonstrate that condom dispensers are an effective measure to lower the incidence of AIDS in adolescents, increase the credibility of college, and develop sexual education and awareness. Therefore, as previously stated, Camden County College decided to install special dispensers in the restrooms of the educational organization. The primary problem was the ambiguity of opinions about this decision. However, this study believes that this initiative can play a positive role in changing the dynamics of sexually transmitted diseases and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or AIDS. Currently, it is observed that the age of sexual activity is significantly reduced. Research indicates that "in a nationally representative survey of college students, only 58% of sexually active students reported condom use at last vaginal intercourse" (The Condom Dispenser Initiative para. 1). Additionally, one of the sources mentioned that "The contributing factors are the cost, lack of convenient access, social norms, and lack of knowledge on how to use a condom effectively" (Turner 2). These statistics are disheartening since, simultaneously, the risk of contracting a dangerous disease increases. Furthermore, feelings of embarrassment or lack of funds can also influence the decision of young individuals to overlook contraceptives. Limited access to protective gear such as condoms is the most significant barrier in the fight against sexually transmitted diseases in young people. Hence, when installing dispensers, the incidence rate can significantly improve as it directly impacts the issue. Every young person cannot fret about purchasing a contraceptive measure. Particular attention should be given to the aspect that the introduction and enhancement of sexual education are crucial. It is essential to instill in students the importance of adhering to the rules of contraception and how crucial it is not to engage in promiscuous sexual relationships. This will prompt a positive response to the installation of dispensers with condoms in the restroom. An equally crucial role is played by the social factor, which can impede the success of the introduction of dispensers with condoms. This may be met with disdain or conversely with exploitation of the opportunity provided. Additionally, it will aid in maintaining discipline in this process, where students sensibly and responsibly utilize the resources provided by the college. Therefore, when incorporating awareness about sexual education and the significance of observing AIDS-related preventative measures, college students will view the installation of dispensers as vending machines. Consequently, the nearly animal instinct that leads to an incorrect attitude toward the initiative and mockery will be absent. In conclusion, this study was involved in the examination of the effectiveness of the installation of dispensers with condoms at Camden County College. The main argument presented for this measure is the reduction of cases of infection with AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases. Furthermore, it will contribute to bolstering the credibility of the educational organization and the advancement of sexual education within it. Moreover, the argument supporting the initiative suggests an increase in the accessibility of contraceptive measures for young people, who at times do not have the means to purchase them independently.