During the learning process, I acquired the fundamentals of excellent interconnection between offenses and the media that discuss these offenses. The primary element here is that the media shape the perception of individuals about the crime rate in a community and law enforcement response to it. It is a common scenario when local media construct the image of a predatory world filled with killers and wrongdoers, while the statistics may indicate the contrary. To be a discerning consumer of media outlets, an individual should possess the ability to evaluate various perspectives to develop the accurate conclusions and depend on reliable data on crime.
The contemporary American society resides in the realm of numerous media interconnected with the “new media” in the forms of weblogs, social networks profiles, and personal websites. Consequently, “the line between fact and fiction” is obscured because inexperienced Internet users can encounter irrelevant sources and trust in fictional offenses (Surette, 2011, p. 217). These “false information” can also shape readers’ understanding of the incident or of a specific issue in an incorrect manner based on erroneous data.
Ultimately, the modern tendency is that political polarization perpetuates the ideological variances among media outlets. It generates the scenario when one unlawful case can be construed in various manners in distinct media. The striking contemporary illustration is the instance of Kyle Rittenhaus, who fatally shot 2 men during demonstrations but escaped incarceration due to the judicial ruling that it was self-defense. In far-right Breitbart news, the narrative was presented to underscore that Rittenhaus attempted to halt violence rather than incite it (Pollak, 2021). Simultaneously, left-wing media MSNBC published the weblog with the heading “Kyle Rittenhouse trial was contrived to shield white conservatives who kill” (Jones, 2021). It is apparent that the manner in which an average individual will interpret the case will be affected by the selection of media platform. Hence, the political polarization influences how offenses are comprehended in society.