Text: Examination
It is vital to observe that digital health record systems and associated healthcare data collection tools are highly efficient instruments, which can enhance the nursing practice by aiding nursing professionals as well as enhancing patient results. Consequently, pertinent regulations should be enforced to enrich the overall process of nursing care, and the provided evaluation will predominantly suggest a policy for a specific scenario, which is medication dispensation. The policy is grounded on making digital health records or EHR systems a singular platform for medication dispensation, medication monitoring, treatment adherence, and substance abuse screening conducted by nursing professionals to propel the evidence-based practice or EBP into EHR.
EBP in EHR
One must be cognizant that there is a significant requirement to integrate core EBP elements into EHR. It is articulated that “delays in transitioning new EBP practice modifications into the EHR are substantial. These delays are origins of irritation and job discontent” (Chipps et al., 2020, p. 136). The same study also pinpoints that five themes, which serve as an obstacle for EBP and EHR merging, are EBP is not a primary aim, structure of an organization and its governance, EHR change prioritization, limited capability of nurses to modify EHR, and delays and wait times (Chipps et al., 2020). In other words, the tool is not utilized to its maximum extent, and hence, the tool can be assessed as inadequately associated with EBP, but granting more autonomy to nurses can expedite the amalgamation.
Work Setting and Strategic Plan
The current work setting in EHR can also be assessed as restricted, where there are potential hazards for patient safety, such as copy and paste practice. It is expressed that “copy and paste can encourage note bloat, internal inconsistencies, error propagation, and documentation in the incorrect patient chart” (Lehmann et al., 2017, p. 12). In other words, the current EHR capabilities undermine the fundamental principles of EBP, which can be even more problematic concerning medication dispensation. Additionally, EBP information utilized in medication dispensation is of utmost importance, and the current state of EHR indicates that it is not actualized to its fullest capacity since nursing professionals can employ EHR for all drug-related practices as well as evidence-based utilization of data, such as screening (Alemi et al., 2018).
Efficient Workflows, Interprofessional Care, and Patient Satisfaction
A comprehensive examination of EHR discloses that there is a necessity for its optimization to enhance workflows since numerous essential functions, especially for nurses, are inadequately available or unavailable. For instance, the copy and paste alternative is a prime illustration of how drug administration and recording can be susceptible to errors owing to a deficiency of methods to identify which parts are copied and which are inserted manually (Lehmann et al., 2017). Interprofessional care can also be improved to enhance, which is even more pertinent in nursing since the communicative aspect of EHR is crucial for promoting EBP principles of care, which can lead to better patient results and satisfaction due to orderly and prompt care delivery (McGonigle & Mastrian, 2018).
In conclusion, it is essential to observe that EHRs are highly beneficial tools, which can enrich a broad array of areas of nursing practice and care. Nevertheless, the evidence indicates that there is a heightened necessity for enhancements in EHR to be able to advocate and integrate EBP principles. The evaluation specifically scrutinized medication dispensation, which necessitates more functional features from EHR and policy modifications since governance is among the primary barriers for EBP’s incorporation into EHR.
Policy
Policy: Nursing professionals need to be capable of utilizing EHR systems alone to conduct medication dispensation, medication monitoring, treatment adherence, and substance abuse screening of patients since evidence indicates that it will shift core EBP principles to EHR, which implies that there is a necessity for EHR functionality and communicative enhancement, and thus, these objectives require prioritization and need not to be secondary factors.
The evidence indicates that EHR change prioritization, organizational governance, and structure, as well as a limited impact of nursing professionals to be part of necessary changes to the EHR system, are the primary barriers (Chipps et al., 2020). Therefore, it is crucial to provide more freedom and influence to nursing professionals to be able to participate in the development and functional modifications to EHR to advocate EBP through drug screening and interprofessional collaboration. Such a necessity for functional enhancements is copy and paste identification functions, medication monitoring of a patient, drug incompatibility monitoring, substance abuse adherence monitoring, and drug screening (Lehmann et al., 2017). These alterations will inevitably impact the workflow for the better by automating many manual processes, which will eliminate or significantly reduce delays in care delivery, and the latter will have a profound effect on patient satisfaction enhancements.
Guidelines
The proposed policy should be implemented on all organizational levels to all qualified nursing personnel who directly provide care to patients. The evidence suggests that “nurses, healthcare providers, and hospitals have been slow to adopt any comprehensive EHR. Potential barriers include a lack of computer skills, high cost, security concerns, workflow issues, and time” (Hoover, 2017, p. 9). Therefore, as direct care providers, nurses should be the ones who are engaged in the complete EHR improvement and adoption process. To promote core EBP principles, EHR system enhancements need to be prioritized from a secondary rank to a primary one with the enablement of nursing professionals to have a functional role in directing these changes.
The functional EHR modifications concerning medication dispensation need to concentrate on copy and paste identification functions, medication monitoring of a patient, drug incompatibility monitoring, substance abuse adherence monitoring, and drug screening (Lehmann et al., 2017). Hence, guidelines are to allocate nursing professionals specifically designated time and resources to partake in system incorporation and enhancements. Interprofessional teams need to be assembled to generate these changes, with nurses assuming main managerial roles since modifications also need to be in line with EBP principles for enhancing patient results and patient safety metrics of evaluation. Detailed steps can be accessed in the Appendix.