The Conclusion and the Start and Hitler’s Initial Picture by Wisława Szymborska are two verses that express shared themes regarding time, conflict, and the hidden nature of malevolence. The verses will be scrutinized and juxtaposed with the core idea and one another. The hypothesis of this piece implies that both creations by Szymborska shed light on the dual nature of time, both as recounting historical sequences effortlessly, like the consequences of conflict, and as completely withholding forthcoming occurrences, such as the metamorphosis of an innocent infant into a mass killer.
The Conclusion and the Start by Szymborska recounts the restoration of impacted regions after a conflict. The specific visuals pertain to the repercussions of the Second World War, the shoving of debris, the gathering of bodies, and getting stuck in sofa springs and glass. However, the verse commences with “after every war, someone has to clean up” (Szymborska, lines 1-2), which is the focal point of the verse. Conflicts occur within a universal chronology as delineated by Szymborska. She elucidates a process in which the conflict devastates nations, the press and media lose interest at its conclusion, and as reconstruction commences, the nation is inhabited by individuals who were ignorant or uninformed about the conflict (Szymborska, lines 1-4). Here Szymborska alludes to the generations that will inherit the legacy which they did not experience (lines 39-42). Birth and purity emerge as a prevalent theme at the conclusion of the verse and will be particularly crucial in comprehending the thematic interpretation of both creations by the author.
The subsequent verse, also by Szymborska, Hitler’s Initial Picture, presents diverse visuals of Hitler as an infant and is strongly juxtaposed by references to his future as a despot and instigator of a holocaust. The verse implies uncertainty through statements that ponder if Hitler could have been a physician, clergyman, or employed at the Opera House in Vienna (Szymborska, lines 3-7). Solely his present as a child is recognized in the verse that conjures an illusion of the past. Hitler as an infant is depicted as a little boy with tiny hands, a little cherub, and a fortunate child. Szymborska reminisces how no foreshadowing of demise or indications of the future preceding his birth were discernible (line 13), which upholds her premise that no individual is inherently wicked. The ordinariness of Hitler’s youth is reinforced through depictions of him resembling other kids in family albums and inclined to typical child-like actions of sobbing when kept waiting too long for the photographer to capture an image.