The narrative of the extreme surge and the subsequent decline of the Enron Corporation still fascinates numerous individuals. Not all are cognizant of all the situations and factors that impacted the company’s strife, and only a few individuals understand how many resources, including locations and individuals, were engaged in the enterprise. The unprecedented insolvency of “the seventh largest firm in the United States and the sixth largest energy business globally” caught society off guard (The Nigerian Professional Accountant, n.d., para. 2). This organization was established in 1985, and its initial year in the market was already marked by a substantial loss and an immense amount of debt. Nonetheless, due to the modifications in American governmental policy concerning the natural gas industry operations, Enron succeeded in ascending. Presently, it is crucial to scrutinize this scenario and assess the fatal blunders that the corporation committed.
There is a broad array of diverse theories and suppositions regarding the causes that Enron grappled with and subsequently declared bankruptcy. Initially, the ventures in which the corporation put money into turned out to be excessively risky and unsuccessful, leading to Enron's incapacity to settle its debts (The Nigerian Professional Accountant, n.d.). Other problems such as misuse of bookkeeping and deployment of SPEs to mask the corporate debt compounded the primary issue that could be termed as an identity crisis. As pointed out by analysts, there were two ideological frameworks that clashed and determined how Enron was anticipated to operate (The Nigerian Professional Accountant, n.d.).
The first doctrine, recognized as the asset-light approach, was advocated by Jeffrey Skilling, whereas Rebecca Mark championed the asset-rich infrastructure development philosophy. Both leaders could not concur on whether the return on investments was a protracted procedure. Their behaviors were dissimilar and competitive, but many schemes in which Mark poured substantial funds failed subsequently, contributing to the company’s substantial debt. In general, this discord is the principal rationale why the Enron Corporation has been grappling for numerous years.