Overcrowding is a worrying factor given that it has resulted in unfavorable ecological and societal impacts. The repercussions of overpopulation encompass the exhaustion of natural reserves and global warming which have impeded the preservation of natural resources like water and wildlife (Weber & Sciubba, 2019). Hence, there is a pressing requirement to manage overpopulation given that it will lead to the preservation of the planet (Weber & Sciubba, 2019). Consequently, everyone is obligated to regulate human population growth as it has triggered increased extraction of resources from the environment, such as overfishing, pollution of water, and soil deterioration, resulting in depletion.

Water has turned into a scarce asset due to actions such as the over-extraction of groundwater. Individuals consume substantial volumes of water as their populace expands, resulting in its exhaustion. Other practices, like water pollution through industrial refuse and marine disposal, have decreased water levels (Weber & Sciubba, 2019). Another circumstance caused by the expanding populace is the depletion of natural resources such as fish due to the rising demand for these aquatic creatures (Weber & Sciubba, 2019). As the demand rises, practices like overfishing become normalized, leading to extinction.

Soil deterioration is another retrogressive indicator that denotes the shift in the ecosystem. Actions that foster soil erosion encompass the excessive cultivation of land for commercial farming to sustain the increasing populace and the overgrazing of animals (Weber & Sciubba, 2019). These actions result in the decline of soil fertility, which has spurred the decline of biodiversity. All the actions noted have arisen from the pressure to meet the demands of the expanding populace (Weber & Sciubba, 2019). Everyone is accountable for halting this threat, considering that human actions harm the ecosystem. Lowering the populace can be advocated for by supporting family planning initiatives and embracing new conservation options such as refraining from dumping in the oceans.