Patients at any point require an advanced care and proper security at all times. According to the Joint Commission, hospitals should concentrate on seven patient safety objectives for 2021 (Clarkson, 2021). The organization utilizes new proof on emerging patient safety concerns to guide its objectives for the upcoming year. This data motivates other Joint Commission Center for Transforming Healthcare initiatives and teaching materials. Listed below are some of the hospital’s objectives and how they correspond. When providing care, treatment, and services, ensure to utilize at least two methods of identifying the patient. Misdiagnosis and mistreatment of patients can happen at any phase of the process.
First, the individual for whom the service or treatment is intended must be accurately recognized. A person’s name, a government-issued ID number, a telephone number, or another unique identifier is permitted. Incapable to speak, infants have fewer identifying characteristics (Clarkson, 2021). Misidentification resulted in serving a mother’s breastmilk to the incorrect newborn, presenting a risk of transmitting bodily fluids and possible diseases to the infant. In this scenario, all providers must use the same identifying system.
In perioperative and other procedural environments, label all medications, medication containers, and other solutions entering or leaving the sterile field. A syringe is a medication container, while medicine cups and basins are others. Unlabeled containers of medications or other solutions make it unfeasible to trace the contents. Errors occur when drugs and other solutions have been transferred from their original containers to unmarked containers, some of which have been catastrophic. Despite the risks of this approach, it is a common practice in many businesses and organizations. Safe medication management necessitates the labeling of all medications and the containers in which they are stored. This process addresses a well-known risk factor in the delivery of drugs in perioperative and other procedural environments.
Diminish the risk of anticoagulant therapy-related harm to patients. Prophylactic anticoagulation for preventing venous thromboembolism in routine settings does not meet these standards (for instance, related to procedures or hospitalization) (Clarkson 2021). Anticoagulation is utilized to manage several conditions, but the most prevalent include atrial fibrillation, DVT, PE, and mechanical heart valve implant. Complications in administration, monitoring, and patient adherence make anticoagulants more harmful than other medications. This National Patient Safety Goal may also enhance the safety of patients taking this category of medications.
Furthermore, to boost patient outcomes, anticoagulation therapy must involve patient education. Patients must receive anticoagulant education from a medical professional who comprehends the risks of the medication and how to prevent them (Saptarini, Sujianto, & Nurjazuli, 2021). Warfarin and direct oral anticoagulants are less likely to cause adverse pharmacological events when used as established anticoagulation therapy protocols that involve patient participation. Maintain and convey patient medication information clearly and consistently. There is proof to suggest that patient’s outcomes can be influenced by medication inconsistencies. Reconciliation is a process of comparing a patient’s current prescriptions to the new ones that have been prescribed to ensure that there are no differences. The comparison takes into account the necessity to continue current prescriptions and the potential for duplications, omissions, and interactions. Reconciling pharmaceutical information includes the name of the medicine, dosage, frequency of use, route, and purpose. To ensure the safe prescribing of pharmaceuticals in the future, organizations must identify the data they need to collect and use that data.