Frankenstein possesses both favorable and adverse traits that assist readers in constructing his character. The primary protagonist can be examined from various viewpoints; hence, the formation of Frankenstein’s character can be perceived as credible or even compassionate. Owing to his life challenges, such as the loss of many of his family members or companions, Frankenstein is generally pitied by the majority of the audience. Later, the reader can comprehend that the main hero feels rather isolated and devotes significant attention to his research and studies to mask this internal solitude brought about by the departure of his loved ones. Despite several improper or occasionally unethical actions carried out by Viktor Frankenstein, the audience tends to view his character as rather compassionate due to his distressing past and solitary present. Furthermore, the protagonist’s character is even considered appealing because Frankenstein possesses numerous favorable traits such as enriching his intellect through continual reading, observing the adjacent environment, and showing interest in various research domains (Bowta & Puhulawa, 2018). Thanks to these routines, the character is quite plausible and dependable as well.
Viktor Frankenstein’s character can be regarded as a cautionary archetype, particularly in multiple pivotal instances in the novel. For example, subsequent to fabricating his monster, the scientist promptly evades this creature and attempts to conceal due to the posed danger and a frightening appearance (Bowta & Puhulawa, 2018). The scenario in the novel does not culminate well for the main character; thus, this circumstance can demonstrate that evading one’s fears, problems, and challenges without confronting them did not prove to be effective. In addition, in the case of Frankenstein’s character, the researchers may discern that not all innovations are genuinely desired by society and can yield more hazards than benefits. The monster had the capacity to perceive, think, comprehend, and even articulate some words, which can be perceived as a form of artificial intelligence (Agustina et al., 2020). Nevertheless, the contrived creature emerges as a peril to Frankenstein’s life indicating that individuals must exercise caution when attempting to replace their solitude or internal conflicts with their artificial “companions”.