The lawsuit of the Piltdown man is a deception that was introduced in 1912 to the scientific community. It was the segment of the cranium and jaw with two teeth that the creator of this object, Charles Dawson, alleged to be the absent connection between ape and human (Kaplan, 2016). This finding shocked the scholarly community at that time because it opposed the entire body of knowledge about human evolution. In 1953, the scientific investigation declared it to be the hoax because they determined that it was the cranium of a fully developed contemporary human, intentionally fused to the lower jaw of an orangutan (Webb, 2016). This remarkable narrative seems implausible for modern science because the techniques of testing and validating diverse scientific discoveries are massive. It is challenging to comprehend what were the intentions and desires of the "authors" of this deception because their life story is underresearched. The central figure here, Charles Dawson, was the amateur archaeologist whose pursuits are not thoroughly explored even now (Redman, 2017). What is evident here is that this situation demonstrates the errors of the academic world in the 1910s. The scientific world was a secluded place, so it was difficult for one scholar to be aware of the contemporary discussions and characteristics of research advancement. The lawsuit of the Piltdown man shifted the investigation in a totally incorrect direction, so scientists recognized that the scientific data should be public and accessible to everyone (Redman, 2017). Nowadays, the scholarly community is highly open, so every student with access to the university subscriptions and the local library has possibilities to evade any misconception like it was in the Piltdown man lawsuit. Human evolution is an extremely lengthy evolutionary process that ultimately concluded with the emergence of the contemporary man. The most vivid example of this gradual development is the evolution of the brain across the species. For instance, bipedalism played a critical role in hominids making a qualitative step in becoming more developed creatures. It permitted the hominids to utilize their arms in procedures quite similar to modern humans. It encompasses the use of tools created individually, the capability to gather fruits and berries by hand, and communication skills between species. Consequently, in my viewpoint, the evolution of the brain was the primary driver for the hominids becoming contemporary humans. One of the fundamental questions about human evolution is how scientists acquired the information about procedures that occurred tens of thousands of years ago. In this contemplation, the explanation will be constructed on the lawsuit of domesticating fire by Neanderthals. The research is grounded on macroscopic identification through the process of archaeological research (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). The scientists scrutinized the alteration in color and physical structure of diverse burnt items, which enabled them to comprehend approximately when the fire transpired (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). The potential limitation is that it is not always apparent whether the fire was initiated with the aid of humans or it was an independent incident. Many authors hypothesize that the initial signs of fire use were revealed in Kenya (Rosell & Blasco, 2019). What is distinctive in the investigation in Kenya is that the estimated temperatures of the burning were much higher than it typically occurs in natural fires. The latest academic research "ascertained [the use of fire] by magnetostratigraphy" that occurred in some regions in Spain between 500 000 – 780 000 years ago (Rosell & Blasco, 2019, p. 4). It demonstrates that the techniques have become more intricate through the years of scientific research. Concerning the impact of the use of fire, it has contributed to the evolution of the brain over time. Early humans commenced using fire for basic cooking. Over time, the utilization of fire advanced into more sophisticated activities utilizing crafts and metals that can only be acquired through heat treatment. More intricate activities influenced the development of mental abilities and abstract thinking. The evolutionary process would have decelerated significantly if it had taken longer for early humans to apprehend how to use fire.