Aristotle made a discovery fundamental to all reasoning by introducing variables. Thus, it was demonstrated that reasoning is not only a specific doctrine of particular things or terms, but the science of the laws of syllogisms, such as modus ponens or modus tollens, expressed in variables. Examining various judgments, formal logic abstracts from their specific content, uncovering a structure common to objects of diverse content.
Syllogism is the breakthrough of Aristotle and is the primary and most innovative part of his reasoning. In the theory of syllogisms, Aristotle described syllogism and distinguished its kinds, identified operational and non-operational kinds of syllogisms, and established three figures of syllogism. I particularly find it fascinating that Aristotle was the first to make reasoning methods the subject of scientific investigation. He introduced the methods of reasoning as integral formations and not merely certain reasoning components. Everything that was accomplished in reasoning before Aristotle simply aimed to grasp individual methods and principles without any organization and integration into a single coherent system. Thus, such ideas as Modus ponens and Modus tollens laid the groundwork for grasping the definition of the truth of thinking. Consequently, I am astounded by how precisely Aristotle introduced the ideas of conclusions that approach science through the rules of inference, the laws of contradiction, and the exclusion of the third.
Contemporary reasoning as an independent field of knowledge arose from such diverse disciplines as philosophy and mathematics. Being indeed a highly developed concept, contemporary reasoning, however, lacks some distinct philosophical characteristics – it is more direct and technical. Contemporary reasoning is frequently referred to as mathematical reasoning, thereby highlighting the originality of its new methods compared to those employed previously. In this regard, it is of less interest for debate because it leans on exact sciences and computer technologists and avoids ambiguity. Consequently, contemporary reasoning is based on artificial language and intelligence, which in itself is rather uninteresting compared to traditional concepts.