It should be observed that there is a variety of motivational factors to consider for a manager from both personal and organizational viewpoints. In the case of the former, these encompass personal investment, personal growth, recognition, and achievement. On the organizational level, equity plays a vital role in influencing motivation since if there is a perception of unfairness, then the disadvantaged workers will lose motivation. Dan Pink asserts that there are also crucially important and effective intrinsic motivators, such as autonomy, mastery, and purpose (TED, 2009). Furthermore, there are extrinsic motivational factors, such as rewards, pay, and bonuses.
The fundamental motivational techniques, which have been utilized for the majority of management’s existence as a practice, involve reward-based systems, such as positive and negative reinforcements and penalties. Nevertheless, the recent discoveries in the field of motivation disclose that for most employees, it is preferable to offer more autonomy, such as Fedex days, ROWE, or 20% Google systems (TED, 2009). I fit into the category of autonomy because it allows me to be liberated to do my work as I prefer. The work will no longer feel as if it is a compelled activity, which compels me to function as a machine or robot, but rather as a respected professional whom the employer or manager trusts.
As a manager of a start-up company with limited cash and resources, I would ensure that the payment is fitting with the industry standards. Nonetheless, it will not function as a motivational factor because I will entice the talent by presenting them more autonomy and purpose. For the positions, which do not necessitate constant presence at the workplace, I will decrease the obligatory office schedule by half compared to the regular formats since autonomy is among the effective intrinsic motivators for creative jobs (TED, 2009). Additionally, I will encourage employees to allocate 25% of their time to work on side projects, whichever they prefer.