The Ascendancy of the Trans-Atlantic Enslavement Exchange in Western Africa, 1300–1589 is a publication by Toby Green that scrutinizes circumstances in Iberia and West Africa in the 14 th and 15 th centuries that established the setting for the ensuing intricate interactions between Europeans and Africans. Despite the heading, the publication primarily concentrates on 1460 to 1589, when Cape Verde Islands harbored most of the commerce. The publication will captivate Atlantic adventurers and the common populace inquisitive about European expansion and naval commerce (Shumway 731). However, it may not be the most precise forecaster of the ensuing historical events. Green meticulously examines Cape Verde as evolving into a place where European colonizers shipped, traded, and utilized subjugated Africans for agricultural cultivation. He then depicts the settlers from Iberia, chiefly New Christian Jews, contending that their prior exposure to violence and exclusion in Europe influenced how they established a new society on slavery and the enslavement exchange in the new location. The storyline then juxtaposes the African scenario with other enslavement exchanges, including Islamic slave-owners involved in the trans-Saharan commerce, Mandinka diaspora, and early slave commerce from Upper Guinea by Portuguese. Drawing on archival sources in Europe, Latin America, and the Caribbean, most of the narrative focuses almost entirely on coastal and island locations of the Iberian commerce. Additionally, inland Africa and places in Europe and the Americas linked to Cape Verde by maritime commerce are occasionally mentioned. Green covers the earliest European maritime activity and settlement phase in the Cape Verde Islands and the West African coast between the Senegal River and Sierra Leone. The final segment of the narrative asserts that colonizers then employed the enslavement exchange experience in West Africa in the Americas to quell the Native American population.
The author’s overarching objective in comparing global enslavement exchanges is to articulate that many of the historical figures have been underestimated. However, this argument does not tackle a still highly uncertain number of subjugated Africans taken out on slave ships, and thus the quantitative methods to estimate the volume of commerce will likely challenge this interpretation. Moreover, Greene refutes that African gold was more crucial than slaves to the initial generations of European traders in Africa, a broadly supported historical perspective (Shumway 730). Finally, Green neglects to perceive the worldwide perspective: for example, the Upper Guinea slave commerce before 1589 represents only 1-2 % of the total slave commerce. Greene’s aspiration to ‘redefine’ the entire transatlantic slave commerce and underscore the predominant role of Cape Verde and Upper Guinea discredits the existing historical work on the early slave commerce from West-Central Africa. Furthermore, the overstated assertion about Atlantic colonization influenced by the African slave commerce practices necessitates further analysis. While the narrative unquestionably contributes to a historical comprehension of the Atlantic world establishment, it skeptically advances one’s understanding of subsequent world histories, such as the colonization of Africa and economic globalization (Shumway 730). Additionally, Green asserts that historians have failed to recognize the impact of the extermination of the Native American population on the ensuing compelled migration of Africans to the Americas. Such a statement is false – there is existing acknowledged information on America’s labor scarcity and its’ effect of escalated colonists’ demand for slaves in public education (Shumway 730). Overall, The Ascendancy of the Trans-Atlantic Enslavement Exchange in Western Africa, 1300-1589 contributes to the historical comprehension of the commencement of the European slave commerce in Africa and situates the Cape Verde Islands at the core of its history.