For Sanlu, melamine in their powdered milk could not have been detected at a more unfortunate time. The stakeholders impacted by the controversy were predominantly Sanlu executives, suppliers, farmers, and operators of the milk collection stations and were instructed not to disseminate any information regarding the scandal. Fonterra, the primary trader of dairy products and Sanlu’s collaborator, is also viewed as a significant stakeholder, yet Sanlu disclosed the details of melamine to them. Sanlu and Fonterra deliberated for five weeks on how to prevent a significant scandal, following which Fonterra withdrew all their milk items (Mooney, 2008). Nonetheless, Sanlu declined to do so out of concern for tarnishing the company’s reputation, endangering many infants’ lives (Mooney, 2008). It required the intervention of New Zealand’s government for the Chinese firm to acknowledge the contamination and pull back the products (Mooney, 2008). Consequently, over fifty thousand children have been diagnosed with kidney stones, with four fatalities, according to available data (Mooney, 2008). Therefore, Sanlu cannot be deemed a socially responsible enterprise.
Sanlu’s milk pollution scandal adversely impacted various other entities as well. Since one of the rationales for melamine's application in powdered milk is the price ceiling, the government can also be held accountable and censured for the occurrence (Mooney, 2008). The government’s coercion also led to a delay in the product recall. Many milk providers who engaged in business with Fonterra and Sanlu incurred substantial losses in the ordeal; some were apprehended for incorporating melamine. The stakeholders of Sanlu and Fonterra pressed the corporations to stay silent as they stood to lose all their funds if news of the contamination got out (Mooney, 2008). The press refrained from investigating the accounts of ailing children due to the government's prohibition on any adverse news and reports that could impact the Olympics. The tainted milk incident demonstrates how the media can be constrained in managing critical information dissemination.