The societal determinants of health are the circumstances in the surroundings in which individuals reside, learn, labor, engage, worship, and age. I concur that the societal surroundings in which individuals reside can impact their health condition. Health results are not solely dictated by biological aspects or entry to quality healthcare (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, n.d.). Means that enhance the standard of living can substantially influence the health of a populace. Instances of these means encompass secure and economical lodging, entry to learning, communal security, accessibility of nourishing food, local urgent facilities, and an atmosphere clear of life-threatening poisons (Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, n.d.). I also endorse the recent alteration in the perspective that it is solely the responsibility of the individual to influence their health in preference to recognizing the noteworthy influence of external impacts on it. In the contemporary world, very little relies on the individual. Initially, he can decide what to consume, whether to work out, and whether to request medical treatment promptly. In reality, most of the decisions that influence health are determined by the marketing mechanism, the administration, and life conditions. For instance, modern marketing compels from all angles, pressing one to pick specific products that are frequently not conducive to a healthful way of life. The necessity to toil strenuously to secure funds for these products compels individuals to forfeit a healthful sleep timetable and physical activity. This sequence has numerous connections, but the outcome is invariably the same: individuals’ health is mostly not under their control. External aspects also indirectly influence health, such as health disparities. When I perused the CDC (2022) statement on these disparities, I was chiefly taken aback by the racial and ethnic disparities. In an epoch of globalization and liberalization of society, a phenomenon like racism must be eliminated. The field of healthcare is one in which treating individuals impartially is sometimes crucial. That is why I am of the opinion that racial and ethnic bias in this domain must be eliminated primarily.