The entire realm of astrophysics and stargazing, in general, is rather puzzling. The abundant history and notable discoveries crafted by renowned scientists paved the path for the technological upheavals of the 20th and 21st centuries. Notwithstanding, these unique discoveries would not have been accomplished without apparatus. The piece The spyglass in the seventeenth century penned by Albert Van Helden, illuminates the contraption and its notable significance in the history of stargazing.
In this piece, the writer made several compelling arguments. Initially, he denotes that the spyglass was utilized against the adversaries as a land instrument. However, with the progress and various enhancements to the glass, the author suggests that the spyglass began to be utilized to amplify objects (Van Helden 1974). According to Van Helden, it was the spyglass that made the disparity in science, and it is the primary reason why stargazers urged the spyglass-makers to labor on lenses (Van Helden 1974). I concur that the spyglass can be the conduit of information for stargazers, and with its aid, they can collect new information and make new discoveries. Nevertheless, I dissent that it is the sole source of attaining such remarkable results in the stargazing.
Subsequently, as has been pointed out by Van Helden, diverse methods of motivation of spyglass makers were employed. There are also other disciplines that contribute to the evolution of engineering. For instance, physics and chemistry concentrate on the utilization of knowledge about forces, stress, and chemicals and their amalgamation. The most recent advancements might encompass the innovation of new technologies like telephones or contemporary engines for vehicles. Furthermore, while the advancements have been so substantial, there are no fields of engineering that are taboo. Specific advancements might be forbidden if they endanger the well-being or lives of individuals. The undertaking of engineering is, therefore, regulated by distinct laws.
Therefore, the evolution of spyglasses and the enhancement of the lenses provided a stimulus to the progress in stargazing. While the spyglass was initially employed as a land instrument, it swiftly became stargazers’ instrument. With the aid of spyglass-makers and enhancements of lenses, it was feasible to make discoveries. Nonetheless, other sorts of sciences, such as physics and chemistry, contribute to the technological advances of our time. While there are no stringent prohibitions of engineering, it is illegal to endanger the well-being or lives of individuals.