Based on the Texas Committee of nursing outcomes are taken by a DWI 9 license obtained by an RN on an annual renewal form in Texas within nine months. In Texas, managing such a circumstance requires the Texas Committee of Nursing (TBON) to consider that not all complaints about a nurse’s ability to practice safely will need the same level of committee involvement or result in disciplinary action. Furthermore, the TBON believes that substance use disorders are curable illnesses and that nurses who have undergone a stable recovery may safely provide care to patients in specific situations (Bettinardi-Angres, 2020). In this instance, the Registered Nurse should anticipate a Tex. Occ. Code 301.4521.
The committee of nursing evaluates all of the details surrounding the particular incidents in the matter. In some cases, there may be a necessity for sporadic drug examinations, letters of endorsement, evaluations from current and former employers, and signed records of support groups. Individual involvement in a Texas Committee of Nursing-approved peer assistance program may be one of the penalties. Because this is a subsequent violation, it may subject the nurse’s license to probation and other constraints (Bettinardi-Angres, 2020). If the RN abides by the committee’s ruling and recommendation, the result will be favorable, with the committee granting the nurse’s license. However, the decision might swing either way depending on the situation.
The RN with a present New York license that has transferred to Texas and requested a Texas license. Upon application, she stated that she was found guilty of Medicaid fraud ($ 5,230.00) four years ago be off probation in six months. In this situation, the nursing committee will scrutinize the case as if it were any other. In line with Texas Committee of Nursing regulations on fraud, will thoroughly look into various factors surrounding this occurrence. However, the committee explicitly defines fraud over $5,000 as a felony (Stowell et al., 2020). Under such circumstances, the committee will counsel the nurse as it will most probably refuse the practice license based on this information. If the nurse license is sanctioned, it will very likely come with conditions, such as the nurse not being permitted to work with Medicare patients.