The subject of schooling is not primary yet intricately entwined into both “Everyday Use” by Alice Walker and “Sonny’s Blues” by James Baldwin. Analyzing this subject in two brief tales unveiled that Baldwin placed a more notable emphasis on education compared to Walker. Nevertheless, both narratives encompass analogous ideas, subjects, and perspectives of schooling. Both pieces underscore and debate the influence of education’s presence or nonexistence on the characters’ lives.
These brief stories narrate about siblings: Walker’s piece recounts about two sisters while Baldwin portrays the existence of two brothers. In both narratives, one of the siblings completed high school while the other lacked education. Hence, it appears that the stories aim to contrast the lives and intellect of siblings. Initially, in both tales, the writers stress the accomplishment associated with education and the requirement of school attendance. Sonny’s sibling argues that Sonny will “regret it later” if he does not complete school (Baldwin 34). Sonny’s sibling implied that education was the sole means to thrive and move beyond the disadvantaged past; therefore, finishing school was a stipulation that the narrator has established for Sonny (Baldwin 34). Conversely, Mama, the narrator of “Everyday Use”, noted “a lot of knowledge we didn’t necessarily need to know,” alluding to her daughter’s Dee education (Walker 50). She does not overstate the significance of education because she lacked formal schooling but possessed a wealth of valuable knowledge and skills.
Interestingly, in both narratives, uneducated siblings seem more astute and perceptive on particular subjects and matters. In the past, education could foster an illusion about one’s intellect, amplifying the importance of existing knowledge and abilities. Education was viewed as a privilege in the tales, and those who were able to attend high school and graduate appeared to be entitled to criticize less fortunate individuals by default. Narratives of Walker and Baldwin unveiled the reality: specific skills, worldly knowledge, everyday human experiences, and comprehensions of life often cannot be acquired in high school.