Social seclusion induces behavioral and emotional alterations in human beings and animals. Cho et al. (2017) carried out a research to ascertain the treadmill exercise impact on depression. This investigation utilized female and male Sprague-Dawley socially isolated rat offspring. Scientists ensured that the procedures employed complied with the National Health Institute and Korean Medical Sciences Academy. The delivery day was labeled day 0, and the rats were sorted into four categories. The categories consisted of: the social seclusion group, the control group, and the exercise and social seclusion and exercise group (Cho et al., 2017). The rat offspring of the social seclusion group were housed individually. Conversely, the exercise and the control groups' rat offspring were housed under standard conditions and with their mothers. Each day, every rat offspring was infused with 5-Bromo-2′-deoxyuridine (50-mg/kg BrdU) (Cho et al., 2017). This was carried out sixty minutes from postnatal day 21 to 26 before commencing the treadmill exercise.
The researchers employed diverse techniques and materials to conduct the study. In the treadmill exercise regimen, the rat offspring jogged on the treadmill once a day for half an hour from the 21 st to the 34 th day. Additionally, a compelled swimming assessment was performed to determine the rat offspring's level of depression. Tissue preparation was done by anesthetizing the animals with Zoletil 50 to initiate the sacrificial process (Cho et al., 2017).
A response absence provoked the researchers to use 50 mM phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) and 500 mM phosphate buffer. Cho et al. ( 2017) elaborate that the researchers also intended to assess tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH)-positive and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT)-positive cells in the dorsal raphe by conducting immunofluorescence. Moreover, BrdU immunohistochemistry was executed to identify the hippocampal dentate gyrus newly generated cells. Cho et al. (2017) clarify that western blot analysis was conducted using a tyrosine kinase B (TrkB) and BDNF. The transfer of proteins to nitrocellulose was carried out, and an anti-BDNF rabbit polyclonal antibody assisted in probing the blots. An enhanced chemiluminescence detection kit aided in detecting immunoreactivity. One-way analysis and Duncan's post hoc inspection assessed the groups' variances.
The depression state evaluation was scrutinized by forced swimming. The social seclusion group's resting time was lengthier than the control group. The treadmill exercise significantly reduced the resting time of the social seclusion group rat offspring. Additionally, the control group's mobility time was lengthier than the social seclusion. Furthermore, the treadmill activity helped enhance the social seclusion group rat offspring's mobility. In line with Cho et al. (2017), this group's 5-HT-positive and TPH-positive cell quantities were lower than the control group. Also, the social seclusion and exercise groups' TPH-positive cells were greater compared to the social seclusion one.
Additionally, increased photomicrographs of BrdU-positive cells were observed in the control group compared to the social seclusion one. This workout played a crucial part in boosting the social seclusion group rat offspring's TrkB and BDNF expression (Cho et al., 2017). Thus, the researchers deduced that treadmill exercise enhances neuronal generation by alleviating the symptoms of stress from social seclusion.
In conclusion, physical activity is a fundamental behavioral intervention tactic because it boosts the production of new cells. Moreover, exercise aids in hippocampal dentate gyrus survival. The Enhanced neurogenesis is closely linked to a depressive state ameliorating effect. Physical activity has a significant function in humans and animals because it possesses an antidepressant impact on them. There exists a close correlation between hippocampal neurogenesis and antidepressant medications. Consequently, hippocampal neurogenesis significantly influences the consequences of antidepressants.