This composition will elucidate the significance and sensuality of women in the Islamic faith compared to Christianity. One primary issue is the weakening of individuals or the subjugation of people under the guise of religion. Religion has become a central instrument of mistreatment concerning the treatment of various genders. Across Islamic sacred texts, women are subjected to subjugation, which Allah endorses. This is akin to Christianity as they devalue the same women (The Holy Bible). Nonetheless, there are remarkable distinctions that I will discuss in this composition. My contention is that women in the Islamic faith and Christianity have diverse values and receptions. Initially, I will scrutinize and elaborate on the reasons for subjugation directly from the sacred texts. I will examine how certain sections of Hadith and Quran validate subjugation towards women as permissible by Allah (Moore, 2017). I will analyze how this differs from the Bible as the harshest portrayal of females in the Bible is more lenient than that of women in Islam. Any discourse regarding the religious validation for the treatment of men, children, or women is predominantly justified through scriptures from the sacred texts. I will discuss how women are handled in ministry in the church and their contributions in the Mosques. The Islamic faith has a varied perception of the value of women as some regard women as submissive while others see them as equals. Women in most Christian congregations are seen as equals, whereas in some congregations, they are instructors of the word, nuns, and actively engage in the ministry (Ali, 2018). In the Islamic faith, women do not hold a position in their congregation or their involvement and undertakings in the Mosque. My composition will tackle the role of women in matrimony in both faiths. Men in the Islamic belief can engage in a polygamous union which is most commendable. A man can wed numerous women but not exceeding four if they can provide and treat them fairly. In Christianity, the Bible talks about polygamous unions but does not encourage men to have polygamous households (Lassen, 2021). Most Christian congregations advocate for monogamous households. I will discuss how a woman is anticipated to conduct herself in the family and the function they are expected to fulfill in their households in both faiths. Lastly, I will discuss the disparities and resemblances in women's acquiescence in the Islamic faith and Christianity. In the Islamic faith, adherents are indoctrinated to believe that God was masculine, and thus they should yield to males since they possess the authority. The masculine sex is more esteemed in the Islamic faith, chiefly because God is believed to be masculine, and therefore as they submit to God, they should submit to any male (Moore, 2017). Conversely, Christians believe that the Bible supports men as the priest of the household and that Eve was instructed to yield to Adam, and therefore women are obligated to submit to their spouses. Religion is the authority and the rationale behind most maltreatment that occurs to women. This composition will address the query: is it accurate that women in Christianity and Islamic faiths are devalued? I will conclude my composition by elucidating how things transform through education and various forms of enlightenment. Feminists are surfacing in both the Islamic faith and Christianity. They strive to ensure that women are treated equitably and esteemed just as men are valued both in religion and the society.