During the last year and a half, the concept of alteration and continual advancement in the nursing practice had become of utmost significance, as the worldwide pandemic outbreak compelled both practitioners and patients to accept adjusted approaches to care. Such an immediate and large-scale necessity to redefine patient care has understandably raised a series of moral concerns. Presently, I strive to utilize the course materials to search for answers and ethically sound solutions to patient care, but the most significant insight I have gained thus far is that every resolution to an ethical predicament remains uncertain.
For instance, during one of my interactions with the patient, I was questioned whether the hospital had the guideline to evade face-to-face interaction during the pandemic with the aid of video examinations. I had to consult my supervisors, who clarified that at that time, this choice was unavailable due to the high risks of data security breach and absence of corporate video software to contact the patients without utilizing personal accounts. Following this interaction, I chose to contemplate the ethical consequences of substituting face-to-face interaction with the medical examiner.
On one hand, the practice of remote patient monitoring should be seen as compassionate given the dangers of COVID-19 infection during face-to-face interactions. It is logical for public health care to recognize ways to adjust the principles of accessing care. For instance, in the empirical research by Shaw et al. (2020), the researchers opted to contrast face-to-face interactions with the occurrences of video consultations. While acknowledging that video consultations tend to completely transform the flow of the conversation and level of trust between the patient and the practitioner, the overall outlook for implementing video consultations is positive (Shaw et al., 2020). Based on this evidence, it is sensible to presume that the gradual transition towards online communication between clinicians and patients is unavoidable. Hence, public institutions need to elaborate on the framework for secure virtual communication by introducing hospital software with restricted data access.
On the other hand, however, the difficulty of embracing digital interaction with patients poses a series of potential hazards to the practice. One of the primary dangers of such a swift change is the clinicians and patients distancing themselves from the traditional approaches to a medical examination. Once video consultations become widely utilized by the community, it is probable that individuals will be less inclined to revert to face-to-face interactions due to the convenience of such interaction. Meanwhile, the researchers stress that “face-to-face consultation between physician and patient remains the gold standard of clinical care” (Solimini et al., 2021, p. 2).
The matter of transitioning to telemedicine and remote therapy is also contested by factors such as informed consent and social bias. Indeed, many patients opt for remote evaluation and consultation without comprehending the risks, gaps, and security implications of remote treatment. The increasing enthusiasm for video consultations may also influence the concept of inclusion and social parity, as it is unethical to suggest that patients possess technology access to engage in telemedicine.
Therefore, taking all factors into account, it becomes apparent that nursing and the medical field, in general, cannot subsist without a critical evaluation of the alterations implemented to health care. For every argument in favor of introducing such a change as remote therapy, one can discover a series of rationales to question it. Hence, acquiring the ability to assess such occurrences as new technology critically is the initial step towards developing a compassionate approach to care.