In the cyberspace era, when nearly any information is accessible to almost anyone, confidentiality becomes one of the most crucial factors for online users. Among the fundamental individual rights, the privilege to confidentiality is safeguarded by the public authority through confidentiality laws. Belize is not an exemption; Belize’s confidentiality laws are outlined in the Data Protection Act. This act emphasizes the basic principles of data protection and delineates who can retrieve and handle that data and under what circumstances.
Data protection implies the characterization and explanation of specific vital points. In that delineation, Belize’s Data Protection Act shares much in common with the European GDPR from 2018 and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act from 1998 (Bartlett, 2022). It is mentioned that this act regulates “the collection, retention, utilization, and dissemination of personal data” (Data Protection Act, 2021). Following that assertion clarifies what data can be deemed private, what actions concerning it are permissible, and, most importantly, who holds the authority to execute such activities.
Even though this authority under specific conditions belongs to the government or an organization in most instances, there are a few exemptions that require discussion. In paragraph 10 of the Data Protection Act, that prohibits personal data usage, part (l) excludes health care professionals. Later in paragraph 21, which expounds the terms of data transfer from a data subject to a data processor, sub-section (5), part (d) mentions “an obligation of professional confidentiality” (Data Protection Act, 2021). This particular condition might elucidate the aforementioned exclusion. Generally, individuals tend to entrust their data to professionals upon request because they know that a professional is unlikely to misuse that information.
The level of trust in one’s expertise is built on numerous different factors, and reputation stands among the most principal. It is also crucial to note that an expert earns his reputation through his actions and achievements in the chosen profession. Furthermore, he should meet specific criteria or standards to be acknowledged as an expert initially. Following the example of a health care professional, it is plausible to find the definition of those criteria. In Encyclopedia of pharmacy practice, it is viable to find eight principles of expertise: altruism and caring, excellence, ethics, respect, communications, accountability, integrity, and justice (p. 205). Being so generalized and thus not tied to health care, these standards are often applied to an expert of any specialization.
In Belize’s Data Protection Act, specific points regarding personal privacy are clearly outlined. To sum up, it specifies what kind of information can be perceived as private, the forms of processing that information, who holds the authority to take actions to process it, and under what circumstances they are permitted to do so. Along with the government and legal entities, the individuals bound by the professional confidentiality agreement are also noted in the Data Protection Act as those who have the authority to utilize private data. Therefore, these individuals must meet specific criteria to be deemed experts, but they can request and use personal data as part of their job if they meet them. Overall, personal data protection is a significant concern in contemporary society. By enacting the Data Protection Act into law, Belize’s government endeavored to ensure the security of its citizens in this sensitive matter.