The opposing criminal justice system is one where the law is implemented equally to all sections of the community. It is a system that assumes that one is guiltless that shifts the responsibility of proof to the prosecution to verify beyond any shadow of a doubt. The benefit lies on the side of the defendant if there is any uncertainty. The accused is given the privilege to silence and cannot be compelled to reply to accusation leveled against them. This system presents some moral dilemmas because most of its procedural protections are always in favor of the accused. The benefits that are given to the accused consist of the right of appeal, the right to stay quiet, the right to have a lawyer, and the right to be free from unauthorized searches and arrests. The rights given to the defendant are constantly a drawback to the prosecution which has to prove its case against the accused. This stance is biased against the prosecution and makes its task even more challenging. The system encourages a scenario where both parties to a case compete with each other to win a case. This scenario makes it simpler vulnerable to acts of deceit and legal strategies that are doubtful instead of using facts to resolve cases. It is a potential moral issue that can be fixed by enabling both parties to present facts before any verdict is made to prevent injustices. If a black man is found committing a similar offense like a white woman, he is five times more likely to be apprehended. It is a tendency that has been brought about by racism in the American judicial system and racial inequality in policing. Furthermore, the black man is more likely to be condemned than a white woman who has committed a similar crime. According to a report by the United States Sentencing Commission, a black man who is found guilty of the same crime as the white man has a potential of receiving nearly 20% longer prison term (Ingraham, 2017). These inconsistencies are due to instances of racism and bias found within the American criminal justice system.