The belated 19th century witnessed the inception of the initial women’s section. Throughout this era of explicit and unfiltered sexism, society assumed that women had peanuts for brains. The development of the women’s section has progressed over time in response to necessity. A women’s section acts as a space to support one another and map out the way ahead. Substituting the women’s section and the fashion division or using them interchangeably will only serve to marginalize women. A Fashion Division should not supplant the women’s section as it deals with women’s concerns in a male-dominated society. The women’s section will aid women more, and their matters will be thoroughly addressed in all spheres of life. Feminist matters are still pertinent in our era. The bias against women may have diminished over time, but all of that was a result of increased awareness. There are still segments of society where sexism has not been completely tackled. Replacing the women’s section with fashion and style or using the two subjects interchangeably will only endorse sexism as it conveys: “You are not that significant, so we will provide you with the less significant content.” While perusing the newspaper, the style segment is typically perused for amusement or overlooked. People desire to read content that truly impacts society as a whole, not “what will I wear today?”. In essence, women require a voice. The style segment in any newspaper delivers information that the public can easily forgo, whereas the women’s section can genuinely assist. Some of the challenges confronting women and which the Feminist Movement has been endeavoring to tackle are: 1. Household Labor/Chores. It is not improbable to find a woman relinquishing her job to “care for her family.” Both partners may hold nine-to-five jobs, but the woman also handles food preparation for the family, does the dishes and laundry, gets the children ready for school, and still strives to “look presentable” for her partner. There should be an equitable distribution of household labor among partners or at least some arrangement within the family unit regarding chores. 2. The Media – Commercials on contemporary televisions can subtly perpetuate sexist behaviors. The media employs products widely utilized by society to disseminate stereotypical information to the masses. Few firms are dominated by the male ego, which promotes an image of what a “real” man should resemble at the expense of portraying a diminished version of women. A women’s section in a newspaper is a platform where women can voice themselves and discuss issues that affect them. Every other domain in mainstream media has been saturated by males who possess little to no understanding of matters impacting women. In 2012, during the elections, a prominent newspaper critiqued Hillary Clinton’s pink lipstick and her fashion sense as being inappropriate. Women have a voice and can contribute to society, thus highlighting the women’s section over the style segment. The women’s section encourages women to speak up, thereby benefiting women. Cultural traditions have pushed women to a point where a significant portion of them believe they belong at the back of the line. The vanguards of feminist women utilize the women’s section to urge those women to step forward and address issues confronting them at the hands of chauvinistic men. In 1969, there was a transition from the women’s section to the styles segment. The newspaper companies claimed they were “mixing things up” by incorporating men into the women’s department to place more value on the women’s section. This move transpired during the upsurge of the feminist movement. Some women had not recognized the importance of the women’s section in newspapers, leading to reduced readership by the masses. The 1950s witnessed the initial reference to women engaging in “real” issues (leadership). This might have sparked interest, only that the sole audience of the women’s section were women themselves. The editors paid scant attention to the content of the women’s section – it was a male-dominated media arena. The female editors found a means to address women’s matters while adhering to the regulations. These writers were pivotal in altering the landscape in favor of women. Kimberly Voss maintained a blog (Women’s Page History) aimed at dispelling the notion that the women’s section was trivial. There has been a shift in mindset over the years as we observe more men acknowledging the importance of women and respecting their voices in society. The Women’s section might have played a role in why we could have the subsequent American President. Such platforms serve to enlighten the public. While men may argue they deserve a “men’s section,” it would be preposterous as no male has been marginalized previously, and society recognizes men more than women. One might perceive it as follows, “we have witnessed what men are capable of, now let’s witness what our counterparts can achieve.” The popular saying goes, “what a man can do, a female can do better.” Women possess remarkable qualities like empathy and prudence that could aid in making society a better place if given an opportunity. In summation, the women’s section will better serve women at large, and their concerns will be thoroughly addressed.