While the condition with the COVID-19 outbreak is crucial, the matter with compulsory immunization at work is debatable. I believe it is warranted because it aids in halting the outbreak; those hesitant to vaccinate should be assured that they will not aid the transmission by the coronavirus. Nonetheless, such a choice requires extra precautions to guarantee that the vaccine is secure and advantageous for the human body. Despite the time constraint, as the outbreak must be defeated as promptly as feasible, the regulations that necessitate extensive compulsory vaccination, under a risk of substantial fines, are the extreme measure. They should be executed cautiously, as they may restrict human rights and even be undemocratic, despite at times they are necessary to handle challenging circumstances. In my view, the outbreak is such a circumstance, and it must be conquered.
I believe that compulsory vaccination does not breach the constitution only when everyone immunized comprehends clearly what they will receive during the vaccination. In that manner, the vaccine should be evaluated, and all examination outcomes should be accessible for inspection by each inhabitant. In my view, it would be even better if they could witness all the procedures of vaccine formulation. I personally would be much more confident in the choice to receive a vaccine, despite I believe that vaccination is advantageous in any situation.
Therefore, personally, I am an advocate of the matter concerning vaccine mandates. However, when we are discussing nationwide vaccination, it is crucial to recall that individuals frequently dread to vaccinate: I believe, in most instances, they dread to harm themselves. If they do not dread that, they will be much more predisposed to vaccination, as everyone desires to be healthy. To summarize, I believe that while compulsory vaccination is an extreme measure, it is essential to vanquish the outbreak; nevertheless, the government should ensure that the vaccination procedure is clear and secure for all inhabitants.