The corporate world is constantly changing, and businesses must always be adaptable to these changes. One of the alterations that a company might need to adjust to is an expanding target market. P&G currently markets personal grooming items to a demographic that is predominantly women. However, studies indicate that there is a rising market among male consumers due to the growth of male grooming. P&G should reorganize to benefit from the new market for men’s grooming products. P&G will need to make several adjustments to capitalize on the "overlooked" market. The reorganization will impact different divisions such as research and development, product creation, and sales and advertising. Their overhaul will influence their staff recruitment and selection practices (Szymczyk, 2016). For instance, at present, most employees dealing with skincare and haircare items, beauty products, and perfumes are female. This is because the target demographic is mainly women, which implies that the products are likely created, designed, and marketed by women. To attract a new target audience of men, the company will need to employ more male staff (Nadube & Didia, 2018). Male consumers will be more content with male-exclusive personal care items. These items are best created by individuals who are male themselves and comprehend what other men would desire. The research and development, product creation, and sales and advertising divisions must include more male staff. The primary contextual factor that prompted P&G's restructuring was the adjustments in the target market as exposed by a survey. The survey was carried out by Male Grooming Trends: Profiting in 2009 and Beyond. It demonstrated that even though female consumers dominated the market for personal grooming items, the market for male consumers was rapidly expanding. P&G recognized an opportunity to benefit from a growing market. Hence, the redesign was necessitated by modifications in the market characteristics. Several companies have reorganized to benefit from a broader target market. Instances include Harley Davidson Motorcycles, NFL, and Stryx. Traditionally, the demographic market for motorcycles was older white men. However, following a decline in motorcycle sales, Harley Davidson began targeting female clients (Moreno, 2017). They tailored their bikes to women's requirements and devised innovative ways to promote these bikes to women. Secondly, the National Football League found in a study that women made up over 40% of their audience (Townes, 2019). They then broadened their target market beyond the usual male clientele and began producing merchandise for women. Lastly, Stryx is a business that has taken advantage of the expanding market for male cosmetics. The companies mentioned have been highly successful in broadening their markets. Other companies should also leverage their expanding target market. For example, traditionally male-dominated fitness centers should contemplate launching women-only gyms. Although women are now exercising just as frequently as men, there are inadequate gyms for them. Altogether, companies should promptly adjust to changes in the market. In summary, businesses should stay updated on any market changes. All sectors are continually progressing, and it would be imprudent for enterprises to adhere to outdated methods. In the provided case study, P&G has the potential to generate revenue from a new market for personal grooming items. It will need to revise its recruitment practices to seize this opportunity. Restructuring for a new reality can be a lucrative endeavor if executed correctly as demonstrated by Harley Davidson, NFL, and Stryx.