Accountable Care Organizations (ACO) were introduced to oversee and support Medicare and Medicaid programs. More than 900 ACOs have established 1300 agreements with private and public hospitals across the country since 2010 to oversee payments of Medicare patients (Kaufman et al., 2018). This model holds healthcare organizations responsible for the cost and quality of care by establishing a system of value-based payment, meaning that hospitals are compensated for the outcome, not per service (Kaufman et al., 2018). Additionally, "ACO contract components include financial responsibility, quality assessment, and population health data sharing," resulting in enhanced care and cost reduction (Kaufman et al., 2018, p. 257). For instance, the nominal savings were $700 per fiscal year per cancer patient (Kaufman et al., 2018). However, there was no significant cost reduction for surgical procedures with the ACO model (Nathan et al., 2019). It seems that the advantage of this program is not apparent for all specialties yet. Nevertheless, I believe that the principle of value payment is just for patients because it ensures that high-quality care is provided to maximize favorable outcomes.

Reliance Healthcare is an instance of a successful ACO that collaborated with emergency departments (ED) in Michigan to coordinate care for Medicare patients. This organization consists of three groups: clinicians, an information technology (IT) team, and managers (Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services [CMMS], 2020). The main objective of Reliance Healthcare in this partnership with EDs was to minimize healthcare costs by preventing unnecessary hospitalizations through an organized work of reliance nurses, managers, and IT departments (CMMS, 2020). The recent report stated that this program could prevent, on average, two avoidable admissions per day from 2014 to 2020, leading to significant cost reduction of care (CMMS, 2020). I think that Reliance Healthcare should continue collaborating with healthcare providers and forming more agreements because unnecessary hospitalization is a significant issue in our hospitals; thus, an ACO control can prevent needless expenditures.