Alan Westin identifies four primary functions of confidentiality: personal independence, emotional liberation, self-assessment, and restricted and safeguarded correspondence. The initial one alludes to how privacy is fundamental to preserving one’s feeling of uniqueness (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). Emotional liberation means the individuals’ necessity to free themselves of the psychological pressure that is inseparable from residing in a society for which privacy is also crucial (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). Confidentiality is also significant for self-assessment because it is frequently a preliminary requirement for a thorough self-reflection (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). Concerning restricted and safeguarded communication, privacy is vital for enabling individuals to share confidential information only with those they desire instead of everyone.

The Constitution does not explicitly mention the entitlement to secrecy. The stance of the Supreme Court in this context is roughly in line with this in the sense that it does not concentrate on privacy itself. For instance, in City of Ontario v. Quon, the Supreme Court was only interested in privacy to the extent that it pertained to the permissibility of a governmental search of text messages (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). In other words, the court did not delineate a specific entitlement to privacy but simply elaborated on the details of allowing a search on a directly pertinent constitutional basis. Thus, to the degree that the Supreme Court identifies privacy in the Constitution, it is justified in doing so.

Westin and the Supreme Court generally coincide in their perspective of confidentiality. In Riley v. California, the court declared that scrutinizing a cell phone without a warrant is unlawful and acknowledged the rapidly increasing importance of digital devices to people’s identities (Halbert & Inguilli, 2014). The significance of being secure in one’s digital communication directly corresponds to Westin’s function of restricted and safeguarded communication. Similarly, the quantity of personal information stored on an average cellphone can render it a crucial element of the extended self, making it valuable for both personal independence and self-reflection. Hence, the Supreme Court’s stance on confidentiality implicitly acknowledges the value of privacy functions as defined by Westin.