The article recounts a recent Chicago hot dog eatery incident that may be perceived as an ethical concern. The event involved a man who was requested to wear a mask to avail the eatery’s offerings (Sutton, 2022). In retaliation, the man insulted the eatery staff by hurling snow in their face multiple times (Sutton, 2022). Moreover, the culprit shattered the glass entrance with an unidentified object (Sutton, 2022). This occurrence can be viewed as an ethical matter because the culprit’s behaviors were disproportionate to the circumstance, aside from the evident property damage transgression. Moreover, throwing snow at a staff member may not constitute as illegal; nevertheless, it is clearly disrespectful towards an individual.
A utilitarian perspective would deem this event incorrect by assessing the outcomes of the culprit’s actions. The apparent rationale behind the culprit’s conduct is the staff’s demand to wear a mask, which is the state’s directive. Utilitarianism would regard the eatery guest's choice to perpetrate an offense against the staff member and the eatery’s property, commencing with the repercussions of these deeds. Given that the outcome is a shattered glass door and an innocent staff member who endured, the repercussions are damaging. Hence, from a utilitarian standpoint, the behaviors can be deemed incorrect. The Kantian ethical theory perceives an issue as illogical as adhering to the moral law and obligation is rational conduct. Harassing an innocent individual and harming the eatery’s property can be unethical. Consequently, disregarding the moral law portrays the culprit as illogical in the view of a follower of a Kantian ethical theory.
I am of the opinion that utilitarianism is the most rational approach to resolve this ethical dilemma. The justification for this is that adverse repercussions for anyone can serve as the most reliable moral guide for nearly any decision. The Kantian ethical theory is grounded on moral law, which can be subjective in some individuals' viewpoints. Thus, according to Kantian theory, some individuals may differ that the incident is an ethical matter. Conversely, in line with utilitarianism, a detrimental impact on any individual deems an action incorrect.