End-Stage Renal Failure (ESRF) is a decline in the excretory filtration systems of the kidneys, which emerged due to the demise of nephrons and was incited by a chronic organ ailment. The extinction of renal function leads to a disruption of normal life, to which various body systems react with complications. The frequency of ESRF has recently exceeded more than 1 in 7 adults in the US, with 144 cases per million reported globally (Cobo et al., 2018). In the past decade, the prevalence of ESRF has been steadily rising in conjunction with the rapid growth of the population, including about 759 individuals per one million (Benjamin & Lappin, 2021). In 2017, the ESRF-induced mortality rate was 28% worldwide, with frequent comorbidities of ESRF being hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular ailments, and malignancy (Cobo et al., 2018). Given this proof, ESRF is a highly perilous disorder with numerous unfavorable effects on the health of the population.
The body cavity associated with the illness is the abdominal cavity, where the kidneys, the primary affected organs, are situated. Kidneys are gradually losing their functions, failing to purify blood; there may also be a deterioration in blood clotting, the level of prothrombin decreases, and thrombocytopenia occurs (Cobo et al., 2018). The impacted body system is the urinary system, which cannot efficiently eliminate waste from the blood; however, alterations in the central nervous system may also transpire, such as sleep disorders, issues with concentration, and inhibited reactions.
Prefixes that could be utilized for describing the ailment are nephro-, hemato-, patho-, and reno-. While nephro- and reno- signify kidney, which can be employed to depict the organ’s failure, hemato- is characterized as blood and can be utilized to specify the problems with blood filtration. Patho-, which means disease, can be employed to elucidate the pathologic nature of ESRF. Thrombo- could also be employed, as blood clotting may arise alongside ESFR.
A beneficial suffix for ESFR could be -al, denoted as “about”; for example, renal is “about the kidney”. Another comparable suffix is -ic, which has the same meaning. Suffixes -in and -ism can be employed to discuss the condition of ESRF, with -ism also referring to the process. Finally, -osis elucidates the abnormal condition of the kidneys and body systems.
Combining forms that could be used to portray ESFR can be renal, nephric, and nephritic, which means “relating to the kidney”. Nephrosis could be employed to describe the degenerative nature of the kidney tubules. Nephrogenic and renogenic are also utilized to portray the excretory body system, as these words are defined as “originating in or derived from the kidney”. Renopathy and nephropathy may be employed to discuss a kidney disorder. Nephroma is another term specific for the kidney system, as it relates to the tumor of the renal cortex; a nephrocyte is a cell involved in the excretory process.
As chronic renal failure causes a decrease in hemoglobin levels, hematopoiesis is a term linked to this disorder. Although this process is defined as the creation of blood cells, during ESRF, it becomes suppressed. Hypertension, myocarditis, and pericarditis are also linked to the ailment (Cobo et al., 2018). Hypertension is described as elevated blood pressure. Myocarditis is an inflammation of the heart muscles. Pericarditis is the swelling of the heart’s pericardium. Congestive heart failure, where the heart cannot efficiently pump blood, can occur. Convulsions or random muscle contractions can also be observed in most ESRF patients (Cobo et al., 2018). Skin irritability is a common symptom during ESRF. Anemia, or lack of hemoglobin, is also closely linked to ESRF. Diarrhea is another condition that can emerge, with the patient’s bowel movements becoming watery.
It is exceedingly challenging to keep my productivity up; I feel fatigued most of the time. I often have a parched mouth, and I recently lost a significant amount of body weight. I observed that my skin is less usual, it has less color and is easily irritated.