The concept of Whiteness in Get Out
Get Out demolishes the myth of America as a post-racist country. Everything alarming, as everything amusing, in Get Out arises from the dread that members of the former master race and the former slave race hold for each other. Holmes observes that in this film, the adversaries are not whites who detest blacks for their race. The filmmaker portrays whites who adore blacks and even covet them with eerie, risky, and insensitive contraptions. It discredits the idea of an ideal culture of political correctness as if asserting that it is racist to treat someone positively solely because of their skin color.
Get Out initially resembles, and at some point directly mocks, Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner Stanley Kramer’s not the most remarkable but historically significant movie about a girl who introduces her parents to a black groom. It was created exactly 50 years ago – when interracial marriage was a scandal and just ceased to be a crime. Nowadays, it appears like a relic from the past; however, the query still emerges: “Has everything improved since then?”. In Kramer’s film, the subtlety was that the parents were progressive liberals, but their daughter’s engagement to Sidney Poitier was a shock even for them. Peel adjusts for the Obama era and carries the situation to the brink of absurdity – Rose’s parents and their acquaintances, elderly affluent whites, go out of their way to demonstrate their openness. They praise Obama, discuss Jesse Owens and Tiger Woods, use awkward slang, and almost start rapping. But all this, of course, only confirms that the gap that separates the American people has not disappeared; a lovely fence has enclosed it.
Peele employs these minor, everyday occurrences in Get Out to illustrate how someone inadvertently or intentionally makes another feel like an outsider. According to Grant, this fosters an ever-growing sense of animosity. The film’s power is that it employs distressing moments to communicate to the audience the reality about displays of racism. Peele’s film appeals both to individuals who have encountered racism and individuals who may not always comprehend that they are perpetrating it.
Instances in cinema, television, or media where whiteness appears to be the norm
Indeed, in numerous films, for a black protagonist to be acknowledged by the viewer, they need to have a remarkable narrative. Conversely, Syed argues that white characters are captivating by the mere fact of their presence. For instance, movies like Jezebel (1938), Gone with the Wind (1939), Dixiana (1930), and Mississippi (1935) both camouflage and reveal the capitalist exploitation of Africans. These films depict American labor through depictions of lavish plantations and dazzlingly affluent white southern families. In these films, the inflexibility of whiteness is preserved through interracial relationships. Whites govern but rely on blacks, to the extent that the actions of African-American characters on-screen serve as a reflection of the sentiments of white characters to sustain a restricted view of the domain of whiteness. Consequently, black characters evoke the viewer’s sympathy, grounded on pity for them in these films.
An equally notable illustration is the film Green Book helmed by Peter Farelli. One of the protagonists is a black pianist with a conservatory education, refined manners, and preferences. The other, white of Italian descent, conversely, is very uncomplicated and forthright, almost to the point of impoliteness. For Don to gain acceptance in society, he puts in a tremendous amount of effort on himself. Simultaneously, societal norms prevent him from leading a typical life for whites. Conversely, despite his numerous flaws and somewhat disagreeable personality, Tony is well-liked in his circle.
Nonetheless, there are films where the directors oppose Hollywood whiteness. Despite some censure of acts of unfair racial subjugation, Ryan Coogler’s Black Panther (2018) is one such film. The movie aims to fundamentally dismantle the core role of Hollywood as the essence of whiteness and white supremacy. Coogler’s work appears to be predominantly about establishing a Black Hollywood aesthetic. Hence, Black Panther raises the issue of whether a black film can be a blockbuster hit.