Numerous accounts have been forwarded to the United States Department of Agriculture’s Agricultural Research Service regarding the recent spread of an unidentified epidemic on a farm in Montana. The account details that cattle began displaying unusual and abnormal conduct. In particular, the cows commenced losing weight significantly and without any evident reason, yielding a reduced volume of milk and encountering issues with orientation (Broucek et al., 2017). The exploration of the pertinent literature disclosed that one of the potential reasons for the illness might be bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) or ‘mad cow disease’ due to prions (Houston and Andréoletti, 2019). The latter is termed PrPSc and is deemed to be a misshapen form of protein PrPC that can be duplicated and transmitted among the same species and also to other species.

In this context, it is justifiable to suspect that BSE could be passed on to humans through the consumption of diseased cattle meat. In humans, transmitted prions lead to an ailment known as the new variant of Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (vCJD) (Thomas, 2019). It is linked to the development of neurological and psychological problems, mental decay, alteration in behavior, and reduced coordination. Nonetheless, as per the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (2017), the typical incubation period of this form of prion condition in humans is ten years, while for cattle, it is twice less. Consequently, there is a significant hazard that farmers may already have vCJD but without any symptoms yet. For this purpose, I was dispatched to the farm to gather the brain tissue sample of the newly deceased animals, and some of the purportedly impacted farmers were welcomed to the research center. This was executed to validate or refute the initial supposition regarding BSE and vCJD.

Indeed, the laboratory findings reveal that both the cattle and some farmers possess isoforms of PrPC prion protein – PrPSc. Concerning the cattle, the brain tissue of the deceased animals was collected as this method is the sole one that can furnish dependable outcomes (U.S. Food & Drug Administration, 2020). Conversely, Thomas (2019) asserts that in humans, the ailment can be identified by the scrutiny of the lymphoid tissue. Initially, the patients underwent tests on electroencephalogram and MRI, and some minor adjustments in their brains were identified. Consequently, the lymphoid tissue was assessed to obtain more definitive outcomes. In the laboratory, the first phase encompassed the traditional histopathology examination of the brain and lymphoid tissues. Subsequently, an immunohistochemistry examination was conducted to identify whether the sample tissues contain PrPSc prion protein. As a result, the laboratory tests wholly substantiated the initial hypothesis.

Both ‘mad cow disease’ and vCJD are comparatively recently unearthed diseases. The initial instance of BSE was documented in 1986 in the U.K., and the first occurrence of vCJD was reported just a few years later in the same country (Kim et al., 2016). The primary cause of the BSE was discovered to be a meat-and-bone meal. Therefore, our exploration of the disease’s origin commenced from the sustenance that the cattle ingest. The farm overseer clarified that they utilize several domestically manufactured enhancements and two imported ones – from Brazil and the U.K. – to nourish their cows. A further quest for the cause of the epidemic disclosed that lately, there was also one instance of BSE detected in Somerset, U.K. (McCarthy, 2021). Subsequently, I conversed with the farm overseer in Somerset and discovered that they previously procured the supplements from the same company in the U.K. as our farmers in Montana. Consequently, the chief source of the BSE and vCJD epidemic was identified.

Unluckily, there is no therapy devised to heal both BSE and vCJD. Typically, the ailing animals pass away within a period of two weeks to several months. As for the impacted farmers, they can survive for up to 12 years after the initial symptoms manifest. In this respect, it is recommended that all the cattle on the farm be sequestered until all the animals and farmers are examined.