Dynamic Political, Social, Cultural, and Economic Environment
To grasp the intricacies of a country's progression and assess its prospects concerning its economic, social, and political welfare, a thorough examination is usually required. While the existence of external factors is also of paramount importance, the resources accessible to state inhabitants, as well as capabilities that the state in question possesses, play a nonetheless crucial role in advancing further economic and sociocultural progress. For Australia, the described factors have been rather favorable over the last few decades, enabling the state to develop and foster the sustainable utilization of its economic resources and other forms of assets.
Political Stability and Instability Framework
When analyzing the factors that must have contributed to the current levels of political stability within Australia, one should note the fact that it has not been significantly impacted by the British colonialism. Owing to the geographical location that complicated the process of colonialism, Australia had been isolated from the influence of the British rule for a period, which assisted the state in cultivating its agency and initiating political changes within its framework based on the unique factors attributed to its environment. Furthermore, upon shedding off the British rule, Australia succeeded in establishing relations with other states on equal terms, which elevated its political performance to a substantial degree. Consequently, the existing structure of political stability within Australia is quite resilient and robust, enabling the state to adapt in its political dealings with foreign nations.
Meanwhile, the current scenario observed within the political standpoint of Australia may come under scrutiny in the near future. Owing to the swiftly changing dynamics of international relations, Australia may need to reassess some of its present political norms and approaches to constructing economic and political ties. Specifically, the Australian government, as well as entities involved in global commerce, may introduce more precise tools for political and financial prediction. As Black elucidates,
Given the volatility of international relations, of environmental developments such as population growth, resource availability, global temperature change, and pandemics, and of other aspects of the future, such deliberation may seem very challenging. 1
Thus, Australia will need to incorporate precise tools for geopolitical evaluation so that it could anticipate potential changes in the global economic framework and explore the available pathways. For example, the surge in China's political and economic influence in the global context must be taken into consideration. Namely, Friedman expounds that the recent transformation observed in the Chinese economic context suggests that China is likely to emerge as a potent economic collaborator for Australia in the future:
China has also emerged as a major industrial power in the last generation, with growth surpassing that of any other major economy in the world, although its economy is still far smaller than that of Japan or the United States. 2
Likewise, other Asian and South Asian nations that have been progressing in their economic and technological advancement present a rather lucrative opportunity for Australia, which is why the state authorities need to encourage private and public sectors to establish connections with the specified nations as well. Concurrently, relationships must be upheld with European and the U.S. Although the current-day scenario influenced heavily by the coronavirus pandemic still poses several challenges, Australia harbors a myriad of opportunities to prosper.
Access to Strategic Human, Natural, and Economic Talent and Resources
Moreover, Australia has fairly broad access to human, natural, and economic resources. Due to the rapid growth within the Australian market, local enterprises have been relishing a variety of opportunities. Furthermore, since Australia has been a highly favored tourist spot, it has acquired a diverse range of economic resources. 3
Access to Allies and Adversaries
Scrutinizing the issues in the relations between Australia and other nations, notably, Europe and the U.S. will reveal that Australia has remarkably few political adversaries. Although there is a plethora of economic competitors in the global market for Australia, the scope of openly hostile relations between Australia and other countries is unexpectedly small. Indeed, delving into the present political environment closely will demonstrate that Australia has no political foes. The absence of conflicts with other states can be attributed to Australia's geopolitical position; specifically, having been isolated from other nations for a considerable period due to its geographical location, Australia has not fostered any antagonistic engagements with other countries. Hence, Australia has virtually no foes. Nonetheless, even if it did, the immediate access to them would be quite restricted due to the geographical location issue mentioned earlier.
In turn, the range of positive interactions that Australia has been enjoying in the global economic and political arenas has been quite extensive. With the upsurge in globalization and the emergence of opportunities for swift transfer of goods and information globally, Australia has been engaging in the global trade successfully. 4 Presently, Australia has well-established partnership-driven trade relationships with the U.S., UK, South Korea, Japan, and China. Additionally, Australia has been partaking in free-trade alliances with the U.S. and New Zealand, facilitating its extensive economic growth and fostering long and efficient supply chains globally. Overall, Australia's current balance of adversaries and allies concerning its economic and political position is highly favorable.
Supply Chains and Trade Paths
As highlighted earlier, Australia boasts well-developed supply chains owing to its positive economic collaborations with other nations. To assess the efficiency and scope of development within Australia's supply chains, one should contemplate the shifts in the Australian GDP witnessed recently. According to the 2020 report, "In the most recent fiscal year, Australia's exports totaled $419 billion and its imports totaled $395 billion, equivalent to 22 and 21 percent of total GDP respectively" (Ball, 2020, para. 4). Since the specified figure surpasses that observed the preceding year in the Australian economic context, the general trend within the Australian economic landscape can be characterized as optimistic. 5
Similarly, with the increase in opportunities for long-haul transportation, Australia has expanded its trade routes, connecting to Asia, Europe, and the U.S. This alteration has enabled Australia to explore every conceivable avenue for economic and political expansion.
Access to Energy, Goods, and Technology
Lastly, the extent of resources that Australia can leverage to bolster its economic progress must be assessed. Due to its location and its geological composition, Australia is exceedingly rich in natural resources, granting it broad access to energy, goods, and technology. Nevertheless, it is presently imperative for Australia to uphold its control over the range of goods and specialized energy and technology at its disposal. According to Friedman, any nation heavily relies on the presence of essential resources and goods, as well as communication technology enabling it to communicate with key trade partners and international allies: "Any disruption in the flow of goods would be detrimental. A prolonged disruption would be catastrophic." 6 Therefore, Australia must sustain its current affiliations with its overseas partners to ensure the smooth functioning of its global supply chain.