Article Overview
The piece "Anopheles stephensi Mosquitoes as Carriers of Plasmodium vivax and P. falciparum, Horn of Africa" by Chali et al. (2019) contrasted the vulnerability of Plasmodium falciparum and Vivax infection between the An. stephensi and An. arabiensis mosquitoes. The investigation took place in the Awash Sebat Kilo area located in Ethiopia due to its high constant malaria spread. An examination was carried out to determine the variance in infection status between the two types of mosquitoes. Grown-up An. stephensi and An. arabiensis mosquitoes reared from premature mosquitoes were fed from membrane feeders with fresh blood from the patients attending the Adama clinic. The feeding was executed with blood contaminated with P. vivax and P. falciparum for 7 to 12 days. The mosquitoes' dwarfs and salivary glands were dissected to scrutinize the oocysts and sporozoites, respectively. A comparison of the infection status was executed using logistic regression analysis. The distinctions in mosquito sources' infectivity were examined using the Pitman test. Data analysis was performed using the STATA version 13 and GraphPad Prism 5.3.
Out of the 85 aquatic environments investigated in the research, 75.3% of the larvae identified were from An. stephensi mosquitoes. The overall proportion of blood-fed mosquitoes was greater for An. arabiensis (median 80.5%) than An. stephensi (median 53.5%, p<0.001) (Chali et al., 2019). Nonetheless, the latter type documented a significantly greater infection with P. vivax (median 75.1%) compared to the former type (median 58.4%, p<0.042). An. stephensi mosquitoes exhibited higher odds of infection for an individual mosquito (OR=1.99, p<0.001) and greater quantities of oocysts per infected midgut (median 17) than the corresponding type (median 13, p<0.001). Likewise, a higher percentage of An. stephensi (51.8%) had a high sporozoite load and odds of detecting high sporozoite intensity from the salivary glands compared to An. arabiensis (31.1%). It was evident from the exploration that An. stephensi poses a greater risk for increased P. falciparum and P. vivax in Ethiopia compared to An. arabiensis.