Preamble
Apple Inc. is a global technological corporation headquartered in California, the US. Concerning income, Apple is the biggest tech company, with roughly $365.8 billion as of June 2022. The corporation is recognized for its market capitalization, where it has marketed numerous computers and smartphones. The business was established in 1976 by Steve Jobs and other individuals like Ronald Wayne and Wozniak Steve. The corporation’s triumph has been through digital innovation that aligns with contemporary customer trends in technology. The usual products available in the market include iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad, and AirTag, among others. Apple has sustained worldwide success by enhancing the performance of devices by adding value to the internal structure of any gadget it produces. There have been crucial marketing strategies, and the quality of products intrigues consumers to engage with the products.

Explanation of the Establishment
Apple creates and produces smartphones, personal computers, tablets, and other products and services, as observed in Figure 1. The corporation runs on various platforms, such as App Store, allowing customers to explore and download applications, books, music, and other digital content. Via digital subscriptions, Apple has excelled in delivering digital content, such as through Apple Arcade, Apple Music, Apple TV, and Apple Fitness (Smith, 2020). Apple sells all these products to a variety of markets where individual consumers, small-scale enterprises, and government agencies are prominent clients. It is crucial to acknowledge that Apple has been recognized as one of the businesses that established a standard concerning what is offered in the market. Many consumers have boosted the company’s reputation on social media, which has fostered a commendable perception of consumerism.

The enterprise is recognized for promoting its products through commercial advertisements and print media. The corporation has an official store and website that aids in enhancing the marketing of its phone, laptops, and other products. The target audience for Apple is high-end product consumers, and that is why the corporation has been connected with premium branding that aligns with high customer services. Apple provides innovative, current items that suit the market (Hern, 2018). With the present metrics in place, Apple is gaining a substantial volume of sales, which provides the corporation with stability in the market. Consequently, the corporation is one of the rival businesses globally concerning digital products, and the management is making every effort to further explore the market.

Figure 1: Apple’s products (Licsi, 2022).
One of the leading strategies that assisted Apple in exploring the market accurately is the foresight to surpass the competition. The corporation identifies customers’ requirements before the customers realize what they necessitate. For instance, the launch of iTunes brought a significant change in organizing music on a particular platform. Other vital tools include a voice-activated assistant enabled through company research and development (R&D) (Hern, 2018). Simplicity is another factor that Apple has optimized to ensure it penetrates and gains substantial returns on income from its sales. In this scenario, the interface for most of its devices is easy to utilize, and users can access various programs through their gadgets, where most of them demand simple logic.

The Establishment’s Framework
Apple’s organizational framework is hierarchical and functional, where the chief executive officer (CEO) is the overall manager of the business. As demonstrated in Figure 2 below, Apple’s organizational structure reveals Tim Cook, the CEO, collaborating with the senior vice president, chief operating officer, and chief financial officer (Livesay, 2022). Apple is a public company that shareholders own where it has over 16 billion shares as of 2022, and interested individuals have seized the opportunity to own the shares (Livesay, 2022). The element of a hierarchically structured framework is evident through the CEO assuming the highest position in the company. The corporation encompasses more than 132,000 full-time employees who facilitate the execution of duties and products (Livesay, 2022). The advantage of employing this framework is that it empowers Apple to oversee all aspects of business through stringent management of operations, transactions, and interactions within and outside the company.

Figure 2: Apple’s organizational structure (Dudovskiy, 2021).
The other framework is seen in a product-based grouping that has contributed to the success of the organization’s business strategies. The multinational giant corporation has segregated its operations into subgroups such as services which encompass App Store, ApplePay, and Apple Music (Licsi, 2022). The other sets of grouping comprise Mac, iPhone, and iPad. This structuring of products is essential as it enables empirical market segmentation, implying each item can be marketed using a specific framework according to the customer’s preferences. A product-based group is referred to as other products, which includes Apple TV, iWatch, displays, storage handsets, and headphones (Livesay, 2022). These are more connectivity than computing, and many users, especially the youth, have favored purchasing from the store.

The corporation’s organizational framework defines its business model, which includes collaboration between various groups and divisions. Apple amalgamates various business models such as direct sales, franchising, and advertisement-based strategy (Zhang, 2022). Apple Inc. emphasizes the necessity for intensive and efficient partnerships with other groups within the corporation to create a distinct portfolio that facilitates mass purchasing from diverse buyers. The corporation’s board of directors (BODs) consists of eight members with distinctive leadership roles within the corporation and aids in interlinking the divisions to optimize high sales volumes within a specific market. Three members serve as CEOs, while two are former employees who hold the chairman role (Pereira, 2022). Some notable personalities in Apple’s BOD include former US vice president Albert Gore, former Boeing Company James Bell president, and BlackRock cofounder, Susan Wagner.

The other framework is apparent in the functionality aspect of the corporation, which contributes to its business model. The perspective enables the corporation to overlook short-term financial targets when developing new items in the market that necessitate significant investment (Zhang, 2022). Through the functionality structure, Apple has been basing its bonuses and R&D on financial performance rather than funds from a specific product. Apple executives consider functionality maneuvers a holistic approach that delves deep into the market. In that manner, the corporation enhances its reputation, hence its business’s success.

Assortment of External Influences That Might Impact Growth
Numerous factors influence whether or not a company will expand in a competitive market. The primary aspect determining Apple’s growth is technology evident through microservices architecture and artificial intelligence. There have been exceedingly innovative digital concepts impacting how business is conducted. For instance, Apple has developed Macs, iPods, and Apple Store applications due to the contemporary technology boost that is heavily utilized to connect customers and the product (Lombardo, 2019). Adobe Systems has contributed to Apple’s growth due to the advanced software management metrics that it provides.

Moreover, access to the website revolutionized everything, including Apple. It elevated its revenue by 30% after numerous buyers’ adoption of the internet (Lombardo, 2019). Technological advancements are observed daily, and Apple stands on sustainable ground since users have become digitally active, positively influencing its business. Apple integrated AI features in its phones through face-recognition components, fingerprint sensors, and