Interacting with patients is simultaneously a benefit and a difficulty for nursing practitioners because the outcomes are hard to anticipate. Indeed, issues with certain populations might arise in NPs practice if the recipients of an organization have particular needs or socio-economic statuses (Curley, 2020). For example, groups with low-income levels and challenges affording primary health care necessitate a unique communicative approach. The PICOT statement linked to the problem in NPs practice involving specific recipients can be associated with their inclination to skip the appointments. The query is: “In impoverished patients, what is the effectiveness of treatment if they decline to attend follow-ups, compared with ones who had a prompt return visit?” This article aims to depict the chosen NPs practice problem, offer a literature review, and suggest a particular alteration to impact the issue.
Patients miss appointments for various reasons, and practitioners can influence their decision-making to enhance the situation. Moreover, the practice problem is serious because missed follow-ups worsen the efficiency of treatment, leading to additional financial burdens if the clients’ conditions deteriorate (Arpey et al., 2017). NPs must determine why the underprivileged recipients decline to revisit their physicians, retrieve the aspects they can influence, formulate and implement solutions in their interaction with patients. Conducting research and literature review is a viable strategy to collect adequate evidence essential for decision-making.
Modern scholarly articles disclose that the reasons for the impoverished populations to skip the follow-up appointment are precise and address their financial capabilities and life priorities. The lack of attendance arises from clients’ forgetfulness, language barrier, inadequate funds for transformation, lack of education, and comprehension of follow-ups’ significance are the primary reasons for missing a visit (Arpey et al., 2017). Research carried out in 2018 stressed the urgency of the practice issue as the findings exposed that the average rate of missed return visits is 23%, and it is harming the healthcare industry’s performance (Dantas et al., 2018). NPs can utilize these statistics as a rationale to encourage their colleagues to enact the change and influence the problematic situation.
The extent of literature about the chosen issue also proposes that NPs can upgrade their communicational approaches and visit protocols and encompass the relevant patient education. Shrestha et al. (2017) assert that “missed clinic appointments reduce clinic efficiency, waste resources, and increase costs; limited data exist on subspecialty clinic attendance” (p. 436). Practitioners can motivate the clients by elucidating the consequences of skipping visits, the treatment cost if the worsening conditions were not promptly addressed, and enhancing organizational strategies such as phone reminders.
A modification in the underprivileged patients’ perception of follow-up appointments is intricate and involves multiple aspects that necessitate review. My suggestion for NPs eager to impact the problem is to adapt their communication with the selected recipients and empower physicians and administrators to participate. The concept of population-based problem solving must address specific characteristics, and for the impoverished clients, the expenses of transportation, insurance, and priority setting are to be considered (Curley, 2020). I would also stress that NPs must clearly elucidate the repercussions of missing a follow-up. Additionally, clinical office managers’ activities must incorporate reminders for patients with severe or chronic conditions to prevent forgetting about their visit.
Nursing practice issues can pertain to particular populations and demand unique evidence-based solutions. The literature review proposed that an unstable financial situation, lack of education, and understanding of follow-ups’ significance lead to skipping a visit. NPs can alter the current situation by modifying their communication, enhancing patient education, and encouraging managers and physicians to participate. Addressing the chosen practice issue is advantageous for organizations with an impoverished population.