Religious particularism is the conviction by members of a specific religion or a group that only adherents of their faith will see paradise, and other individuals who believe in alternative faiths will be damned to the underworld. A more temperate perspective of the religious particularism doctrine suggests that adherents of a specific religion will only achieve salvation while non-believers will not attain such a status (Peterson et al., 2014). In comparison, universalism upholds the belief that all individuals will eventually receive the favors of God regardless of their faith. Although religious particularism may exhibit greater devotion and faith in one religion, it may foster perilous religious extremism that could validate wicked or genocidal deeds against individuals of other faiths.
Religious particularism appears predominantly in Abrahamic religions in diverse ways. For example, in Hebrew, at the essence of the notion of “the chosen one” lies a belief that anyone who does not adhere to the Jewish faith will not witness the pledged “world to come.” In Christianity, religious particularism materializes in diverse forms. The Catholic Church and other sects, for instance, teach that only those who follow the true faith will access the Kingdom of paradise while non-adherents of the faith will proceed to the underworld (Peterson et al., 2014). Religious particularism is also evident in Islam. Accordingly, the Islam faith, “the people of the book” delineated in the Quran as sincere Jews and Christians, will witness paradise while individuals of other faiths and the ungodly Jews and Christians will have nothing to see Allah nor enter paradise.
Historically, monarchs, fighters, and leaders have employed religious particularism to legitimize acts of cruelty and conflict, prohibitions against unions, and oppression for individuals who do not profess the same faith as them. Nonetheless, while religious exclusivity may lead to adverse consequences, individuals can exercise religious particularism today without causing harm or violating the rights of other individuals of differing faiths. Additionally, all religions on the globe promote some level of religious particularism where other religions are acknowledged as valid but not true religions. Religious exclusivity did not surface with the emergence of religion but was a continuation of the tribalism and clan system ingrained in traditional communities that perceived other tribes and clans as inferior, adversaries, or less human. In the traditional sense, the clan members who killed rival clan members could justify their actions by asserting they killed their foes. Until recently, religious killings of individuals from differing religions could be justified. Despite the most extreme form of religious particularism waning, the implicit disdain for other religions persists today.
One of the most conspicuous issues with religious particularism is the unawareness of other individuals’ religions and beliefs. Individuals of exclusive faith display no interest in studying or comprehending different faiths. For many, their God is the only true God, and anyone who practices another religion is doomed to the underworld if they do not convert. Today, many Christians would consider it inappropriate to learn about Islam, while many Muslims would also consider it unsuitable to study Christianity. The mutual aversion for each other’s religion results in mistrust and the propagation of stereotypes that segregate people along religious lines. This status quo has shaped public policy, foreign policy, and general national and international relations between nations. On the personal level, religious apathy stemming from ignorance of other individuals’ religion has negative repercussions. Such adverse consequences encompass but are not restricted to prohibitions on inter-faith marriages and relationships.
Religious particularism has stripped people of their humanism and replaced it with regulations. Individuals with exclusivist views on religion tend to fret more about what the law is than about the well-being of their neighbors. In the religious sense, a neighbor is anyone in need, regardless of their religious inclination. The legal perspective on sin perceives sin as an offense towards God, and the humanistic perspective regards sin as being harmful to other individuals. In reality, the human and legal perspectives are not vastly different because disobeying God in any manner is akin to disobeying one’s parents. Thus, the harmful actions of religiously exclusive individuals towards individuals who do not subscribe to their religion affront God as much as any other sin would offend Him. The scriptures discuss God creating human beings and not God creating people of one faith. Hence, as God’s creations, all human beings merit to be treated as people first because other designations are secondary.
According to John Hick’s pluralistic hypothesis, the world is religiously ambivalent. Accordingly, one can experience it regardless of whether they believe in any religion because there is no compelling evidence that one faith is superior to another (Peterson et al., 2014). Additionally, being atheistic or theistic is inconsequential because, according to John Hick, no one is superior to another. In Hick’s pluralistic world, everyone has a right to worship and believe in any religion or not by adhering to their conscience. The world described by John Hick is entirely plausible. Notwithstanding the relative religious tolerance experienced today, religious supremacy has witnessed the massacre of millions of individuals throughout history. At some juncture in history, the religious authority to sway the faithful was delegated to political leaders who harshly imposed religious beliefs on unwilling individuals. In John Hick’s pluralistic world, there would be no need to coerce people to believe in any religion.
Religious pluralism respects everyone with or without religious beliefs and perceives there is value in every religion. Religious extremism emanates from the notion that individuals of a different religion undervalue or encroach on another religion. On various occasions, violent incidents have transpired because individuals felt their religion was not accorded the respect it deserves. In a pluralistic world envisaged by John Hick, religion is not at the forefront of people’s interaction with one another. Therefore, it cannot engender misunderstandings, disrespect, or even conflict. Essentially, the religious hierarchy presently in place would have no room in a pluralistic world, evading the detrimental discourse of “us” versus them. Minus the burden of religion, individuals could commence viewing each other as humans first and not a Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, or any other religion leading to genuine humanity.
In the most extreme cases, religious exclusivity envisions the descending to the underworld of individuals who do not adhere to a specific religion, while more moderate religious exclusionists believe the non-believer will not receive salvation and thus the heavenly favors. These radical perspectives have incited conflict throughout history, but individuals have largely learned to coexist peacefully with those they religiously disagree with a few exceptions. One conceivable resolution to the repercussions of religious exclusivity advocated by John Hicks is religious pluralism, where the faithful and non-faithful esteem and value each other first as human beings.