Text: Introduction
United Healthcare – part of the United Health Group. It offers insurance services to enhance public healthcare. Services: extended, brief, dental, crucial, Medicaid insurance. Also group pensioners and health plan proposals. Connects 1.3m practitioners, 6,200 hospitals & facilities.
Structure, Mission, and Vision Analysis
Structure Analysis
  * Hierarchical framework with CEO as the head
  * Two VPs- business operations & business development
  * The third cluster has offices of Chief Officers
  * COs accountable for much of the internal processes
  * Good level of interconnection among the executives
Mission
Enhance the healthcare system, and enhance health and well-being. Promote overall well-being for people and communities. Collaborating with other parties- professionals and hospitals. These partnerships are a crucial business strategy. The approach ensures effective collaborations to enhance healthcare
Vision
Discover solutions to problems in the healthcare system. Expand people’s access and address social determinants. Empower underserved and uninsured people in healthcare. Convenient access to healthcare achieves customer satisfaction. United Healthcare trades premiums with investors’ funds.
Recommendations on Finance Facet
Key financial principles- cash flow, income, earnings/share. Key financial principles show positive growth rates. The net worth of investors increases from investments. The company should persist in its insurance coverage expansion mission. Seize the opportunity of Covid-19 to expand coverage.
Recommendations on Customer Satisfaction Facet
Measures-%new product sales, %increase of customers. Positive growth rates (%increase) indicate customer satisfaction. Uphold sale of new products and premiums. Should expand customer base with new products. Provide better services for the escalating demand
Recommendations on Internal Business Processes Facet
Investment in new and modern technologies. Complex technologies should enhance patient healthcare outcomes. Investments to support patients’ access to technology-driven services. The company should diminish non-conformance and quality costs. Should reduce cycle time, increase process innovations
Recommendations on Learning and growth Facet
Measures- marketing time, product focus, manufacturing learning. Company invested in employee empowerment in 2020. Percentage of product rep. Sales were>12%. The company should invest in employees’ technology leadership. Employee skills are crucial for online insurance customers.
Balance Scorecard Concepts Performance Indicators & Measures
The Risk Management issue:
  * Customers and employees suspected of fraudulent deals;
  * Fraudulent through technology to steal the company;
  * Employees with no skills to detect fraud;
  * Risk of failure to meet company goals;
  * Risk of unsatisfied customers and company investors
Balanced Score Card & ERM Solution
Learning & Growth: BSC- measures employee ownership and information changes. ERM- % employees in risk management training.
Internal Business
BSC- unit cost/product and % cost achievable. ERM- % employees in risk detection training. Number of process variance exceeding risk tolerance
Customer satisfaction
BSC- customer contact points in the business process. ERM- retained customers, satisfaction, leaving customers.
Finance performance
BSC- profit margin, net cash, annual returns. ERM- leaving customers, returns, surcharges, warranties incurred. The data will identify the areas of risk.
Conclusion
BSC helps identify areas of poor performance. Measures of performance reflect weaknesses and strengths. Data from measures can help improve performance. Combining BSC and ERM can identify risks. Risk management is made easy with a balanced scorecard.