The range of ethnicity weighs heavily on the past of the United States and Canada and continues to influence the life experiences of Black individuals residing in both nations. According to Reynolds (2016), not only is ethnicity a central component of history and culture, but it also influences the recording and perusal of history. That is why Canada’s approach of multiculturalism led to the establishment of Black History Month, which initially began in the United States and occurs every February. It is the period when individuals are urged to engage in celebrations and activities commemorating the heritage of Black individuals and their communities.
Black History Month in Canada has been beneficial to schools educating about variety and the lineage of African societies. Prince (2009) asserts that it is, indeed, exceedingly significant – but a unique month is insufficient. She recollects visiting schools every February to narrate tales to children, offering them a Black standpoint on their history. That, in Prince’s (2009) viewpoint, is simply a morsel that Blacks are provided to be satisfied with and stop at that point. It contributes to the amplification of the segregated version of Black individuals’ history, which only further sustains a domination that negates their existence. An instance of that, at one point, was a librarian’s proposal that Prince recite from a compilation of Anansi narratives instead of something she selected from her children’s book. This was justified by the reality that none of the children in the audience were Black, but all of them comprehended Anansi, as well as Prince’s book, was generally considered too intricate. Prince politely refused but was aggrieved, as that was a classic example of efforts to curb a unique cultural perspective that she was anticipated to convey.
Therefore, an all-encompassing curriculum is not just an alternative to contemplate – it is an absolute requirement. Instead of allocating twenty-eight days to the Black standpoint and then disregarding it for the remainder of the year, the government is to execute the examination of the world’s history into the routine syllabus. Not only will it aid in the eradication of detrimental misconceptions and in a more comprehensive comprehension of the cause-effect connection between particular occurrences – but it will also make Black children feel acknowledged. For a nation that prides itself on endorsing multicultural policies, all of these are equally vital.