Presently, asthma has turned into one of the most prevalent illnesses in the United States and the globe. According to the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA, 2021), 25 million individuals nationwide have asthma. While the illness does not exhibit itself on a daily basis, yearly, individuals with asthma experience at least one severe episode. To describe the nature of this illness, it is crucial to focus on the pathophysiology or the abnormalities in the physiological process of asthma.

Pathophysiology
The primary organ impacted by asthma is the lungs, as the illness is triggered by airway narrowing and the incapacity to breathe. Consequently, one of the key alterations in the airway caused by asthma is bronchoconstriction. As per Sinyor and Perez (2021), this occurrence represents the swift airway reaction to external irritants and triggers. For instance, if an individual is exposed to a specific allergen, to prevent the exposure, bronchial smooth muscle initiates contractions that obstruct the airway (Sinyor & Perez, 2021). Being one of the most widespread and noticeable responses to an allergic reaction or any external trigger, including chilly air or exercise, bronchoconstriction can be halted by limiting the exposure to the trigger or by delivering epinephrine.

Another physiological indication of asthma is airway edema. This occurrence is more intricate and demanding for an affected individual. This process involves further inflammation and the development of mucus plugs that obstruct one’s airways (Sinyor & Perez, 2021). These concerns can induce lasting changes in the airway structure, restricting one’s ability to alleviate bronchoconstriction. Hence, in some instances, the airway barriers prompted by triggers can only partially return to normal, creating a significant obstruction in the long term. Eventually, recurrent exposure to allergens and triggers can result in a physiological phenomenon like an airway hypersensitivity, encompassing a more severe and active reaction to minimal exposure to allergens and other triggers (Sinyor & Perez, 2021). Therefore, considering the pathophysiology of asthma, it can be deduced that the general pattern of the illness is distinguished by the airway restriction and lung pressure that arises due to exposure to an irritant or stimulus. The seriousness of airway blockage is contingent on the personal response to an irritant and its amount.

Symptoms and Manifestation
Although asthma is an illness that involves distinctive responses to allergens, the usual physical examination will display the three most prevalent asthma processes, specifically:
  * Airway inflammation;
  * Airway obstruction by mucus plugs;
  * Muscle constriction (AAFA, 2022).
These processes, in their rotation, are exhibited through such indications and symptoms as breath shortness, cough, chest discomfort, and wheezing. Consequently, based on the severity of these symptoms, patients are anticipated to either consult the physician immediately or prevent the attack locally, utilizing quick-relief medications such as EpiPen or preventive medicine such as corticosteroids. There are three primary asthma zones, comprising green, yellow, and red. Based on the zone, individuals encountering asthma symptoms need to take prescribed or quick-relief medication and solicit professional clinical help.

While in most scenarios, asthma can be difficult to anticipate, the most common risk factors encompass a genetic predisposition to asthma, conditions linked to allergic responses, having severe respiratory infections as a child, and being exposed to various irritants and chemicals at work. For this reason, if an individual feels episodes of breath shortness, cough, or breath tightness, it is suggested they consult a clinical professional immediately. By employing diagnostics such as spirometry, professionals are capable of early illness recognition and asthma attack prevention.