Bakhtiari, Kian. "Why Brands Need to Pay Attention to Cancel Culture." Forbes, Web.
The article concentrates on the role 'cancellation' plays in the contemporary corporate environment. The author elucidates how the Internet has become central in business strategy. He argues both for and against 'cancel culture.' The article delves into brands' necessity to be responsive to consumer attitudes, which are frequently dictated by social media.
"Cancel Culture, Part 1: Where It Came from." New York Times, uploaded by The Daily, Web.
The podcast showcases a discussion about 'cancel culture' with Jonah Bromwich, a journalist for the New York Times. Jonah talks about the origins of 'cancellation' and stresses the role of Twitter in its development. The podcast episode focuses on the consequences of the aforementioned trend on the U.S. politics. Jonah explains why the 2020 election is crucial to grasp the impact 'cancel culture' has.
Chotiner, Isaac. "Thomas Chatterton Williams on Race, Identity, and "Cancel Culture"." The New Yorker, Web.
Harper's Bazaar has published a piece titled 'Letter on Justice and Open Debate,' which was signed by nearly a hundred academics, authors, and philosophers. Thomas Chatterton Williams, one of the contributors to the letter, discusses its significance in a global conversation surrounding 'cancel culture.' In an interview with The New Yorker, Thomas mentions the importance of ideological diversity. The interview concludes with Thomas' plea for a less censorious society.
Gerstmann, Evan. "Cancel Culture Is Only Getting Worse." Forbes, Web.
This article defines 'cancel culture' and illuminates its most notable victims. The piece discusses the phenomenon's impact on regular individuals. It includes instances from the educational and corporate field. The author urges the public to acknowledge the hazards of 'cancellation.'
Greenhut, Steven. "'Cancel Culture' Is a Dangerous, Totalitarian Trend." Reason, Web.
The piece revolves around 'cancel culture' being a tool to annihilate political opponent. The author contends that the primary purpose of the movement is suppression. According to the author, it is indisputable that it is a form of censorship. 'Cancellation' can thus be utilized in an attempt to challenge democracy.
Greenspan, Rachel E. "How 'Cancel Culture' Quickly Became One of the Buzziest and Most Controversial Ideas on the Internet." Business Insider, Web.
The article scrutinizes the evolution of 'cancel culture.' It is a societal phenomenon, which has been popularized during the #MeToo movement. Since then, it has garnered public attention and influenced hundreds of celebrities, politicians, and other public figures. The names of those 'canceled' include Kanye West, Ellen DeGeneres, Gigi Hadid, and others.
Grobar, Matt. "Kevin Hart on Cancel Culture's "Bad Environment" and Defending Ellen & Nick Cannon: "I Know Who They Are"." Deadline, Web.
The interview with Kevin hart focuses on his Oscar scandal in 2018. Hart explains his thoughts on getting 'canceled' over past homophobic tweets. He examines how his worldview has changed since the scandal. In addition, Hart criticizes 'cancel culture' and justifies his decision to defend its victims, including Nick Cannon and Ellen DeGeneres.
Nossel, Suzanne. "'Cancel culture' Censorship Can Be Most Dangerous for Those Who Promote Social Justice." NBC News, Web.
Suzanne Nossel discusses the positive effects of 'cancel culture.' This movement created an abundance of opportunities for social changes, according to the author. The article urges people to view 'cancellation' as a dangerous tool. It can, indeed, be a threat to social justice if it is used by institutional authorities.