The progressing technologies have influenced diverse sectors including healthcare among many others. Ultimately, this has spurred the advancement of various technologies that enhance patient care. Automated Intravenous Pumps, one of my recognized technology developed to enhance patient care, offers many benefits. Particularly, they are utilized in hospitals, care facilities, and home-based care to deliver high-quality patient care. Nevertheless, with the increasing number of patients in hospitals, there is a necessity to create superior technologies to enhance patients’ healthcare or to upgrade the existing technologies. Enhancing the Automated IV Pumps involves directions, upkeep, notification, postponed therapy, and overlooked treatment, various modifications have to be improved. One of the substantial modifications to be executed to enhance the usage of Automated IV Pumps in enhancing the patient’s healthcare is by conducting efficient training for healthcare providers. The enhanced probabilities of enhancing the efficiency of healthcare providers technologies, thereby enhancing the patients’ healthcare.

Despite their widespread use, Automated IV Pumps continue to have design flaws that jeopardize patient care. Operating system glitches and mistakes, human aspects (e.g., mistakes associated with user interface problems), impaired components, battery malfunction, alarm malfunctions, and over- or under-infusion are all regularly documented issues with Automated IV Pumps (Lyons et al., 2018). Especially, among these obstacles, the user interface problems are the most prevalent, and they include pump labels and components deteriorate over time. For instance, having to sanitize the pump, as the user-maintainer decides to believe is an acceptable choice, may harm the pump, making it useless for clinical use. Long-nail users may ruin the print on the pump keys, making them indecipherable.

Nonetheless, despite the documented challenges, various advantages have also been achieved from my initiative of utilizing Automated IV Pumps in advancing patients’ healthcare. Nonetheless, they are a secure manner of using IV fluids. These injectors are solely crafted to dispense a specific fluid volume at a specific pace. The utilization of these pumps substantially aids healthcare professionals reduce the likelihood of errors in the volume, timeframe, and pace of fluid administration (Chaturvedi et al., 2019). Hence, healthcare facilities are anticipated to employ infusion pumps in enhancing healthcare for patients as it is more advantageous.