Advising parents on children’s sexuality is a demanding task because parents often realize how swiftly their children are maturing and that sexual growth commences from birth. Thus, I would guide parents on childhood sexuality based on proof about what is deemed typical sexual conduct and what is considered unusual sexual conduct at a specific age. I would also attempt to be considerate of the culture of the parents, as some parents may still view some conduct as unsuitable despite proof due to cultural idiosyncrasies. I would also educate about how to react to sexual conduct suitably. The National Center on the Sexual Behavior of Youth (NCSBY, n.d.) asserts that there are two approaches for dealing with the conduct: “in the moment” and “after the fact.” In the moment, the parents should pause to gather their thoughts and avoid emotional reactions, redirect the conduct, listen to what the child has to say, and instruct about appropriate conduct. After the fact, parents need to contemplate all the information and knowledge they have, prepare for the conversation, and communicate with the child.

To determine if sexual conduct is typical, one must understand that appropriate conduct varies depending on the children’s age. For example, children aged 0-6 may touch their private parts in public, while at the age of five, some children start to feel embarrassed about doing so and explore themselves in private (NCSBY, n.d.). Thus, to determine if the conduct is typical, it is essential to have sufficient knowledge about what is suitable at a specific age and observe if the child progresses on the path rather than regresses.
Dialogue: The Introduction of the HPV Vaccine
Human papillomavirus (HPV) is one of the most prevalent sexually transmitted diseases that can induce various types of cancer (CDC, 2021). Hence, preventing HPV is vital for decreasing the risk of contracting these cancers. Presently, immunization for HPV is voluntary; nonetheless, there have been numerous proposals to make it compulsory (Ferris et al., 2010). The study by Ferris et al. (2010) seems to be grounded on several cultural and sexual presumptions. Initially, the advocacy for mandatory HPV vaccination implies that the researchers assumed that people are sexually active and far from being monogamous (Best et al., 2019). Studies reveal that individuals who are not sexually active hold negative views regarding compulsory HPV vaccination, as they deem it unnecessary (Best et al., 2019). Likewise, individuals in long-term romantic relationships or married also express disapproval of vaccination for the same reason (Best et al., 2019).

Secondly, Ferris et al. (2010) lack firm religious convictions. Research indicates that individuals with strong religious beliefs harbor negative opinions regarding immunization against HPV (Best et al., 2019). The primary reason for this might be that religious individuals believe that the concept of vaccination against STDs promotes the presumption of being sexually active with multiple partners (Best et al., 2019). Religious individuals are predominantly monogamous (Best et al., 2019). Thus, I opine that enforcing HPV immunization as mandatory at the school level is inappropriate, as it disregards the cultural beliefs of patients.
Discussion 3: Personal Ethics and Ethical Responsibilities
I believe that one of the scenarios that may arise in my professional practice is disclosing information to others, even though my personal values indicate it is inappropriate. For instance, my clients may divulge that they consumed alcohol despite not being permitted to do so according to the regulations of the program they are engaged in. According to Standard 23 of the Ethical Standards for Human Services Professionals, I am obligated to report this incident to my employer, leading to the expulsion of my client from the program (National Organization of Human Services, 2015). However, my ethical principles would advise me to withhold the information for the client's best interest.
Initially, I need to clarify to the client my professional and ethical duties, which would enable us to find common ground for further discussion. Subsequently, I will notify the client that this information will be conveyed to the employer for further deliberation. Nonetheless, I will accompany this transmission of information with remarks about the likelihood of alcohol consumption recurring. I will emphasize that the client confessed voluntarily. Lastly, I would explore alternative programs and endeavor to persuade the employer that the client should continue in the program.