The patient, G. B., is a 50-year-old woman who was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) for the first time. She visited the clinic with frequent coughing, shortness of breath, tiredness, and excess phlegm. She shared her history of smoking for the last 20 years and a minor increase in heart rate occasionally. She has high blood pressure, but she managed it with Lisinopril. Nonetheless, G. B. does not prefer to go to hospitals and believes that medications are not always essential. She arrived alone as she is a widow, and her children reside far away in another country, so she did not want to inconvenience them but assess her condition independently. She described herself as a solitary individual after her husband’s death in an accident. She has a tight circle of friends who visit her occasionally, but there is no consistent individual to talk about her issues or worries.

Pathophysiology
COPD is a frequent diagnosis in many adults with a history of smoking. Furthermore, this condition is one of the primary causes of illness and death presently (Yawn et al., 2021). Thus, much focus is given to its treatment and prevention through education and early detection. In addition to prolonged coughing, COPD patients encounter tiredness, and the standard of living is considerably reduced (Early et al., 2019). Typically, individuals who smoke experience dyspnea or shortness of breath, and healthcare providers instruct to breathe in and out a portion of air volume to evaluate their air intake capacity (Yawn et al., 2021). When the mucosal surface is exposed to microbial pathogens, the airways in the lungs become inflamed and constricted (Restrepo et al., 2018). If left untreated for some time, bronchial tubes might collapse due to blockages filled with mucus. The airflow diminishes, leading to air passage obstruction, making it challenging and painful to breathe.

Over time, COPD patients notice new symptoms like inflammation and wheezing. They have difficulty eating and report a decreased appetite, resulting in tiredness and lightheadedness. In elderly patients, COPD can trigger heart issues and elevate the possibilities of pneumonia and the emergence of other infectious diseases. Hence, nursing preventive and therapeutic measures are crucial for all individuals who smoke and expose themselves to COPD risks.

Assessment
When G. B. visited the clinic, a general practitioner decided to ask several questions face-to-face to collect adequate information about the disease background. The duration and seriousness of symptoms had to be evaluated to comprehend the patient’s status. The subsequent step in the assessment was her physical examination and her vital signs (blood pressure – 145/90, pulse – 100, respiration rate – 20, body mass index – 28, and O2 saturation 90%). Her HEENT evaluation was within the normal range, except for her oral cavity and throat that had damp mucous membranes. When the physician listened to her heart and lungs, some sounds were detected, prompting chest X-rays to be ordered to identify emphysema or other formations provoking COPD. It was also crucial to conduct the pulmonary function test and assess the qualities of inhalation and exhalation. The patient’s forced expiratory volume (FEV1) was 65, indicating her COPD stage was moderate, but if left untreated, the outcomes could deteriorate.

During the conversation, the patient was uneasy about her condition and the incapacity to avert health complications. She lacked a support network in her life to talk about her experiences and express her feelings. Her inadequate understanding of COPD dangers among smokers was apparent, and she was advised to attend support groups for pulmonary patients. It was essential to demonstrate her relaxation methods and breathing exercises to stabilize her respiration and alleviate her shortness of breath and tiredness. The patient was educated on the significance of altering her lifestyle, maintaining a balance between rest and activity, and seeking professional help in domestic activities (Hashem & Merritt, 2018). Antibiotics were given to reduce infection growth in the body. At the conclusion of the interventions, positive outcomes were observed. G.B.’s breathing sounds were not as severe as they were on the initial visit, no infection affecting her heart was detected, and she began contemplating her future options with a support group. It was imperative to continue educating on COPD and smoking cessation in the future to anticipate pulmonary and cardiovascular issues.