The inaugural phase in the advancement of nursing exploration is deemed to be the investigation carried out by Florence Nightingale. Systematically applying her profound and all-encompassing understanding of human nature in nursing, she enhanced the traditional female housework of tending to sick family members and elevated it to the status of professional activities. Lately, in the United States, exploration in nursing has been increasingly acknowledged at the national level. The National Institute for Nursing Research has been established, and financial backing for nursing exploration is being fortified. In medical establishments, enduring positions of nurses have been introduced – scientific employees are engaged in the conducting of clinical nursing exploration.
In nations such as Great Britain, Germany, France, Switzerland, there are inclinations for acknowledging nursing as an autonomous profession, the pragmatic activity of which has an established theoretical basis. There are three primary distinctions between research-based and evidence-based practices. The primary one is that the former is more practically-oriented. The second is that the outcome is attained through the experimentation in various contexts. The final distinguishing characteristic is that the efficiency of the methods' and outcomes' is superior to that in research-based practices.
Bharat Aggarwal, former professor emeritus of cancer exploration, resigned after discovering the deception in many publications he issued on curcumin for cancer therapy. As of 2020, Aggarwal has had many of his exploration papers retracted ( Prominent Indian-American researcher under probe , 2018). Such misconduct should be shunned in scientific exploration, particularly in the healthcare domain. To achieve this, the explorers should ensure the dependability and validity of the study by obtaining approval from the institutional review board. If I were to conduct the exploration, I would employ the principle of protecting the participants' rights and seek the governmental healthcare association's approval of chosen methods.