The term “admission” has various meanings, like acknowledging one’s sins and being prepared to repent. Augustine commenced working on the Declarations when he was likely 43 years old (Teubner 1). There is no exact, distinct drive to pen his own, but there could be at least two potential factors. First, his populace had doubts about his ideal principles, his profession as a brilliant teacher of rhetoric, pagan-influenced education, his recognized reputation as a former Manichee (Teubner 57). By composing the admission, he would protect himself from this sort of critique and demonstrate that his faith and convictions were sincere Christians. Another conceivable motivational option might have been triggered by his close companionship with Alypius, Christian converts such as Paulinus Nola, who gave up the world and his vast family wealth after his conversion to Christianity.
The Declarations consist of 13 Volumes; volumes 1 to 9 narrate Augustine’s life and spiritual journey, while volume 10 displays the temptations he was still encountering. Volumes 11 to 13 are the extensions of the initial chapter of Genesis. The initial ten volumes were about Agustine, while the final three were about the scripture. All the Declarations had numerous themes such as nature of malevolence, transgression, time, afflictions, desire, truth, wisdom and knowledge, frailty, arrogance, inner tranquility. According to Augustine, God cannot be the origin of malevolence. For Augustine states, “malevolence does not exist”(Teubner 78). Malevolence lacks good, and malevolence exists as long as good is absent.
Saint Augustine’s Declarations possess a unified theme of internal tranquility. His contemplations on it appear to bring his intentional state of spiritual and psychological serenity, notwithstanding the burdens and stressors in his journey. He believes that human beings cannot find inner tranquility without involving God; he believes human beings were made to seek peace in God. There is excellent echoing of the solid ethical foundation portrayed by ancient philosophers as Neoplatonic and the Pythagoras vis a vis beauty; these are Augustine’s favorite themes.
Augustine was a learner at Carthage, and he was perturbed by disturbers who interrupted his classes there, rendering him among the crucial students who refused to pay their fees. In addition to that, he was financially inconvenienced (Teubner 157). Nevertheless his disconcertment, he wishes and reassured that such students would be preferred to learn to money. He furthermore says, “You, O God, the truth and fullness of our sure good, and our purest peace” (Augustine 126). Despite being stressed, Augustine remains psychologically calm, thus concluding that inner tranquility is achievable whatever the situation.
At the time, Saint Augustine was describing the decision to resign his professorship after an upcoming vacation in the autumn holidays, with his chest problems giving him a further excuse to resign. He mentions to his students “who did not meditate on Your law or Your peace, but on foolish lies and legal battles” (Augustine 79). He continues by giving an extended analysis of the scripture in Psalms 4. Music was Augustine’s interest; he introduced the idea of singing psalms during the time of distress via the story of Ambrose’s Basilica. Shifting gears, love, according to Augustine, is not limited to human beings alone. But Love expands to God’s love for human beings, the love that the inanimate beings have for their natural lives. When it comes to humans, their love is multidimensional; it grows from one stage to another: love at infancy; love at adolescence; love for interests and desires.
From his infancy, Augustine indicates that he could not speak and yet he could sense bitterness and jealous in others. From the above statement, we can understand that Augustine never is fond of infants. Throughout infancy, infants would take everything selfishly for themselves only, constantly crying to be given attention and not to be ignored, to be loved only (Teubner 57). Infant’s love can only be described as love for hunger which demands to be filled, or love for pleasure that requires to be filled with comfort. That is why Augustine claims that love is one of the origins of sin; even at birth, everyone is got sin in them.
Next, the author analyzes the stages of love in adolescence. At this stage, humans start to experience different types of love. Here they will begin having desires to love, be loved, pleasures, love for earthly materials. Augustine says in his second book, “The single desire that dominated my search for delight was simply to love and be loved” (Augustine 144). He claims that humans’ thoughts of erotic desires of wanting to love or be loved could be the way that can lead to God or lead them astray from God.
Augustine attends a theatre show to understand human emotions and existence in another instance to feel the pleasure and love; desires of crying, weeping, laughing, and passion. It is clear that he wished to enjoy these desires and likes but realized gradually that as he enjoys giving into his desires, it led him astray from God’s path into alienation. Declarations has a central topic of sin, mercy, and fleeing. For the most of his life, Saint Augustine looked to be avoiding Christianity by engaging in practices and cults such as Manichaeism. Also, he is entombed in a sea of passion. He is avoiding confession because he does not believe he has what it takes to live a life consistent with the teachings of the Bible. Through the audience of sinners, this book had an impact on the Middle East. This book teaches the reader exactly what sin and confession look like in real life.
A topological understanding of how to confess and become a Christian is also imparted to the audience. In Augustine’s stories, the audience connects with them because they are relatable. Preachers who seek to reach out to the lost can find inspiration in this memoir. Inquiring minds who doubt their own misdeeds and God. This personal book shows those who have committed grave crimes that God is able to pardon them all. Many big crimes were committed by Saint Augustine, and he even challenges the Lord, “Why do you demand me to love you?” (Augustine 24). Augustine was saved by God’s grace despite his many transgressions.
Augustine introduces freedom as another set of theme that is evident in Declarations. He says freedom is a man’s ability to freely have the presence of ‘evil will’ within the man’s soul. “They say this is the soul, enslaved, contaminated and corrupt…” (Augustine, 79). Free will is human desire that comes from the perfection of God’s steadfast love; this gives humans the ability to do anything freely. This proves that humans were made of God’s likeness and image.
However, freedom is not to be mistakenly used as an excuse for breaking the rules and guidelines to do anything illegal from someone’s locale. There are consequences to be met; thus, we are not free to perform actions without them being checked into balance. Augustine says, “I directed my mind to understand what I was being told, namely that the free choice of the will is the reason why we do wrong and suffer your just judgment” (