The Coca-Cola Enterprise is a multinational globally-recognized corporation established in the United States. This business fabricates and disperses various beverage beverages worldwide; it has been approximated that the mentioned enterprise vended its goods in more than 200 nations. The Coca-Cola Enterprise utilizes an image of the ‘one and only’ original beverage drinks maker; the corporation’s positioning is centered on the cheerful motivation of the consumer (Brennan, Crawford, and Khamis, 2020). It can be presumed that nowadays, Coca-Cola can be regarded as a part of popular culture. Furthermore, the company engages actively in the process of globalization. Additionally, The Cola-Cola Enterprise has a long history of successful advertising Christmas campaigns.

Description and the Examination of the Advertisement
The provided advertisement (see Exhibit A) is a Coca-Cola video ad dedicated to the Christmas of 2021. This advertising video demonstrates the story of a boy who is deeply moved by his senior neighbor’s solitude during Christmas Eve. While watching a cartoon about Santa Claus, a boy decides to create a personal miracle for his neighbor. The subsequent part of the plot illustrates the collective efforts of the house residents to construct an improvised chimney, through which a gift will be delivered. Ultimately, at the conclusion of the advertisement, the classic bottle of Coca-Cola is being presented to a viewer by native integration into a video. Undoubtedly, the primary idea that this ad endeavors to convey is the significance of a strong community and of family or friendly bonds. The primary goal of this advertisement is to endorse the brand’s values, sustain the corporate image of The Coca- Enterprise, and advertise the drink’s integrity in modern life.

The Ad’s Impact
One of the main aims of the provided ad is to make an average customer think that this specific product is unique, original, and irreplaceable. The Coca-Cola Enterprise is a significant corporation with a big name and credible reputation, and their main product is one of the most recognizable beverage drinks in the world. Due to that fact, the primary task of the Coca-Cola advertising campaign is to uphold its reputation as one of the most popular brands in the soda industry (Guo and Wen, 2021). Since the brand occupies a top position in that particular part of the market, the primary threat that may negatively affect the company’s profits is the risk of various substitutions; for instance, the corporation’s main rival – PepsiCo and its products (Guo and Wen, 2021). What may seem like a simple reminder of a company’s existence, in reality, plays a crucial competitive role. Therefore, one of the inherent parts of Coca-Cola’s advertising and the message that is present in the reviewed ad is the idea that Coca-Cola is an original beverage drink that cannot be substituted.

Another crucial aspect of this ad is its central message that goes in the subtext of the provided plot – an idea that Coca-Cola is an integral part of the Christmas celebration. The conditions of modern era advertising force the companies to justify an average customer’s need to purchase a particular product (Polesana, 2019). It can be observed that this brand’s advertising campaigns have been focused on this event for a continuous period. The company implied Christmas advertising for more than 100 years (Jones, 2019). As a result, a bottle of Coca-Cola has become a natural Christmas attribute, at least in Western countries (Ireland and Ashton, 2017). Furthermore, the style of storytelling and the presentation of the product itself implies that the customer is already familiar with the advertised product. Thus, one of the advertisement’s goals is to remind a consumer that Coca-Cola plays a key role in creating the Christmas atmosphere.

Additionally, the enjoyable aspect of the ad must be considered as well. Although the plot of the video has been discussed, its effect has yet to be determined. It is important to understand that the reason why the advertisement introduces the product itself only at the end of the video is to keep the viewer intrigued (Sharma and Bumb, 2020). Since the viewer cannot predict what product is being advertised, he or she will most likely continue watching the video until the very end (Sharma and Bumb, 2020). The slice of life, in combination with a small fantasy, appears to be quite appealing to an average consumer, who seeks to tighten the family and community bonds during the Christmas holidays. Therefore, a minimal product placement in the ad, coupled with a somewhat complex and relatable plot, attract the consumer’s attention.

Although the ad does obtain a unique selling product, it may be noted that it successfully bonds the product with the customer’s joy and happiness. Undoubtedly, not every company has a need to use a particular USP in order to successfully advertise a product; such is the case of Coca-Cola (Presman, 2017). Instead of focusing on a particular benefit that a customer may obtain, the ad promotes the well-established idea that a company is a manufacturer and distributor of pure happiness (Presman, 2017). As a result, this ad holds on to the main marketing strategy of a company and continues to mark the extent of joy that this particular product may bring into a customer’s life.

Finally, the specificities of the ad’s visual part are focused on giving a viewer nostalgic and heartwarming feelings rather than exciting and impressing them. Due to a brand’s continuous history, one of Coca-Cola’s goals is to remind some consumers about the taste of their youth (Aytekin and Ayaz, 2018). Since the image of the brand forms various customer’s expectations, the fulfillment of these expectations directly affects the company’s profit levels (Anisimova, Weiss and Mavondo, 2021). Additionally, The Coca-Cola company sustains a trusting relationship (as an additional factor of retention) with its customers (Mahmoud, 2018). Thus, while promoting a drink as a part of the tradition, the company attempts to proclaim that the customer always gets what he expects, that Coca-Cola is a part of his family.

The red color, which is unmistakably associated with Coca-Cola, is used to depict the product as a tasteful and desired drink (Mochama, 2020). Additionally, in the case of this particular advertisement, the red color is associated with Christmas, which may be a part of the aspect discussed earlier (Mochama, 2020). It can be stated that the visual part of this ad prevails over the textual elements; the viewer’s attention is captivated by a wordless touching story. Overall, this ad may be characterized as highly persuasive; moreover, it avoids annoying the consumer by using a minimal amount of Coca-Cola’s brand logos.

On the other hand, the ad has a minor weak side; although being reviewed separately, this video can be assessed as a high-quality one, the repetitiveness of the foremost thought may be considered annoying. If to consider The Coca-Cola company’s long history of Christmas advertising, it can be noted that the main delivered idea is being constantly repeated. Even though the video has no aim to excite or surprise the viewer, the repeated narrative may appear irritating for some of them.

The Ad’s Call To Action
The ad attempts to sustain the popularity of various concepts among the customers; due to these concepts, which will be discussed below, the company focuses its advertising on a