The pact is an accord between two or more individuals to establish, alter, or end civil privileges and responsibilities. A pact is the most usual kind of deal. The substance of the pact encompasses the privileges and responsibilities of the parties finalizing the pact and the circumstances under which the pact comes into effect or ceases. The notion of the pact is utilized in three significances, the pact as:
1. Legal fact, the basis for the emergence, alteration, or cessation of a civil legal relationship;
2. Accord of the parties, specifying the privileges, responsibilities, and the method for their execution;
3. A manuscript that includes a specific communication and the substance of the pact is its circumstances, which are divided into vital, usual, and incidental (Hutchison & Myburgh, 2020). Usual circumstances – circumstances stipulated by law and take effect automatically, irrespective of their indication in the pact. Incidental circumstances complement or alter the usual circumstances. Such circumstances are incorporated in the text of the pact at the discretion of the parties, but their absence does not impact the legality of the pact. All pacts can be categorized into several kinds, varying according to some criteria (Hutchison & Myburgh, 2020). One-sided – in one party, the pact gives rise to privileges; in the other – responsibilities; and reciprocal – at the finalization of the pact, each party acquires both privileges and responsibilities. Furthermore, there is a classification into remunerated, implying the property portrayal of one party due to the counter-property portrayal of the other party (Stewart, Swain, and Fairweather, 2019). Also voluntary – property portrayal is made by only one party (Hutchison & Myburgh, 2020). It is crucial to underscore that the pact of gift, that is, a free donation, belongs to the second kind. However, the assurance is not a pact since the fundamental circumstances are not fulfilled, allowing to assert the legal conclusion of the deal.
Individually, it is worthwhile considering an option pact as a distinct facet of making and finalizing transactions. The reality is that an option agreement varies from other claim agreements in that the will of a person is a condition for both parties. The counter-responsibility also hinges on the activities of the party that has the right to demand. The counterparts have the right to set in the manuscript the deadline for execution or the circumstances on which the execution will hinge. In what form it is stated depends on the character of the deal and the requirements of the parties (Berlee, Tai, and Mak, 2019). Within this period or upon request, the company must fulfill its part of the agreement: remunerate the counterparty the amount specified in the agreement; execute any transaction with movable or immovable property (Berlee, Tai, and Mak, 2019). If the term is not specified, in case of a disagreement, the court may deduce that the option agreement has not been finalized.
According to the US Code of Federal Law, deception is the organization of a fraudulent plan or stratagem, the implementation of preparatory actions aimed at developing a fraudulent plan or stratagem for the purpose of committing fraud. It is noteworthy to observe that one of the types of deception in the legislation is the counterfeiting or the conclusion of an incorrect pact, where there is an unacceptable and evidently known violation of the subject or object of the pact (Stewart, Swain, and Fairweather, 2019). This allows concluding that bad faith in the finalization of the pact is punishable by law.