Cardona-Hernandez, R., Schwandt, A., Alkandari, H., Bratke, H., Chobot, A., Coles, N., Corathers, S., Goksen, D., Goss, P., Imane, Z., Nagl, K., O’Riordan, S.M.P., & Jefferies, C. (2021). Glycemic outcome associated with insulin pump and glucose sensor use in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Data from the international pediatric registry SWEET. Diabetes Care , 44 (5), 1176-1184. Web.
The benefit of this study was that it was a substantial global retrospective cohort study that collected information from the diabetes SWEET registry. The size of the sample was 25,654 individuals diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) over a year ago and employed technology to manage their blood glucose (Cardona-Hernandez et al., 2021). Additionally, the environments primarily were domicile-based where the participants informed the registry; therefore, the outcomes can be applied more broadly. However, the drawback of this research was the lack of time-in-range data (Cardona-Hernandez et al., 2021). Regrettably, there were insufficient individuals with this information to integrate it into statistical analysis later on. The conditions were controlled with the comparison group, but the authors overlooked randomization and blinding. As this was a global research, the primary obstacle was the variance in GDP, which is a potential confusing element. The scientists dealt with this matter by introducing linear regression analysis to uncover the real connection between the variables. Lastly, the discoveries of this study could be utilized to diminish elevated HbA1c levels and DKA rates among children with T1DM by introducing wearable technology.
McGill, D. E., Volkening, L. K., Butler, D. A., Wasserman, R. M., Anderson, B. J., & Laffel, L. M. (2019). Text‐message responsiveness to blood glucose monitoring reminders is associated with HbA1c benefit in teenagers with Type 1 diabetes. Diabetic Medicine , 36 (5), 600-605. Web.
The strength of this study was that it demonstrated a clear advantage of dispatching messages to T1DM adolescent patients to promote glycemic control. Although the size of the sample was 147, which is not extensive, it can be readily enlarged since the participants were not monitored in the clinical environment (McGill et al., 2019). Two primary limitations in this study were pointed out by the authors. Firstly, some patients were not monitored for the entire duration of the study (McGill et al., 2019). Secondly, the authors did not include the average number of responses (McGill et al., 2019). This indicated that this research could not specify the optimal frequency of sending reminders. Another limitation was the absence of a control group, and the researchers did not mention this issue. The likely obstacle was that teenagers might lack the discipline to report their glucose levels, but the authors tackled this matter by providing a $5 monthly charge for limitless messaging (McGill et al., 2019). Remarkably, these payments were made throughout the complete duration of the study to all participants. Overall, the outcome of this study can be utilized to sustain normoglycemia in diabetic adolescents.
Tauschmann, M., & Hovorka, R. (2018). Technology in the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus – Current status and future prospects. Nature Reviews Endocrinology , 14 (8), 464-475. Web.
The most notable strength of this article is that it offers an extensive assessment of devices used for controlling and monitoring blood glucose levels in diabetic patients. Since this manuscript was a review article, the notions of sample size and comparison groups are not pertinent in this scenario. The highlights of the article are beneficial in clinical and non-hospital-based environments as it showcases studies that evaluated the efficacy of insulin pumps, pens, and glucose monitors from various manufacturers (Tauschmann & Hovorka, 2018). The primary limitation of this review article was that it was written solely by two authors, exposing it to potential prejudice. Furthermore, the article did not mention any conflicts of interest, which was crucial to specify here since specific companies that manufacture devices for diabetic patients were referenced. It seemed that there were no hindrances in this case; therefore, the authors did not address them. Finally, this comprehensive review on current and prospective technology that can enhance the quality of life of patients with T1DM can serve as guidance for clinicians and researchers.