The reformation and prison system of the US is a trending topic for discussion in contemporary times. Being one of the most prevalent topics for political manipulation and populist assertions, the criminal justice system has become highly inefficient. According to Harvard Political Review, the US has a surprising 76.6% of prisoners who returned to prison within five years (Benecchi, 2021). This dissertation aims to demonstrate the alternative way of dealing with the correctional system proposed by Brandon Matthews. This concept necessitates the division between two different tracks of punishment and rehabilitation with the aim of breaking the false link between these two processes.
The authentic essence of the modern American prison system is that it originates in the tradition of punishment. From the ancient Code of Hammurabi to the severe methods of the death penalty in the 19th century, there was an evolution of practice that the response to violations of law should be stringent (TEDx Talks, 2017). Consequently, the notion of punishment has become the fundamental aspect of the US correctional system (Carter, n.d.). Brandon Matthews argues that to alter the existing state of affairs, there is a necessity to delineate the line between punishment and rehabilitation (TEDx Talks, 2017). In a genuine sense, punishment necessitating a “strict prison environment” should be directed towards criminals who committed serious crimes and employed high levels of violence (TEDx Talks, 2017, 5:30). Conversely, individuals responsible for non-violent crimes should follow the rehabilitation track (TEDx Talks, 2017). Notably, only with the departure from the punishment nature of modern prisons can it be effective.
However, such prison philosophy can provoke criticism and opposition from the relatively high proportion of individuals, particularly those who work in the correctional system. Brandon Matthews recounted the anecdote when he conversed with a correctional staff member about the practice of rehabilitation, she retorted that “they [prisoners] are inmates, not patients” (TEDx Talks, 2017, 9:59). It is apparent that combining punishment and rehabilitation in one place does not function correctly. The work with inmates of serious misconduct necessitates a distinct type of morality, while the practice in rehabilitation centers demands less strict relationships. In actuality, prisoners are genuine patients whose criminality should be healed before they reintegrate into the communities.
In my perspective, the model delineated by Brandon Matthews is genuinely legitimate and effective. There is no rationale to punish inmates who committed nonviolent crimes with prisons’ strict and demoralizing ambiance. The primary concern is how this reform will progress through the legislature. Evidently, this reform will encounter the criticism of conservative politicians, who are biased toward any kind of offenders. What is more, the negative attitude toward any prisoners among Americans is also widespread. For instance, it is distinctly observed how Internet users severely criticize the prison conditions of Anders Breivik, the ruthless terrorist who killed 77 people. He has relatively comfortable living conditions in a Norwegian prison, the quality of which may be superior to someone’s in the US. Thus, there is a necessity to alter some people’s perceptions about the prisoners and publicly emphasize the high value of the rehabilitation process.
To conclude, professionals should tackle an apparent problem of the inefficiency of the modern American prison system. The high recidivism rate troubles all Americans, so new and innovative ideas about the radical reforms sprout. Brandon Matthews introduced the model of drawing the distinct line between punishment and rehabilitation. These two ways of the correctional system’s operation should be autonomous. By distinguishing rehabilitation, the professionals will have the capability to transform prisoners’ morality and equip them for everyday life after the release from prison.