In the contemporary world, extremism is one of the urgent threats to human health and life. Reflecting on the occurrences of the prior century, such as the initial and 9/11 explosion of the World Trade Center in 1993 and 2001, United States Embassy in Beirut and Kuwait explosion, and numerous other assaults, the fear risk to the United States is substantial (Corbett et al., 2017). Hence, it is crucial to implement extensive measures to fight extremism.
To combat extremism, the proactive actions of state authorities and local self-government bodies need to be in place. The steps should involve methods to recognize and subsequently prevent the causes and circumstances favorable to the execution of extremist acts (Freilich et al., 2019). Furthermore, identification, revelation, and inquiry of the reasons for such acts with the involvement of the military forces and police should be in place. Additionally, the means to reduce and eradicate the repercussions of displays of extremism should be applied. Nevertheless, there is no singular strategy to halt global extremism.
The absence of universal measures is clarified by the continuous emergence of new methods of inflicting harm. Furthermore, the danger does not originate from the citizens of one specific nation. The nations of the Middle East are recognized for their extensive reservoirs of oil and combustibles, hence, the unsteady circumstance in the Middle East might impact the US economy (Mercure et al., 2018). Implementing transportation restraints and enhanced checks can yield a more effective outcome.
In conclusion, the governmental structures of the United States hold a significant influence on stability and peace in the nation and overseas. Halting communications with the Middle East will partially diminish the threat to the United States, but simultaneously might influence economic and political relationships between the nations. In the absence of universal counter-extremism measures, it is still highly important to apply comprehensive prevention measures, scrutinize the occurrences that transpired, and engage the police and military forces to combat the risks.