There are always numerous hindrances that can significantly reduce the overall effectiveness of any project plan. Therefore, it is vital to examine all the factors that may lie behind potential obstacles to its successful execution. Given the intricacy of the project plan and the comprehensive approach expected to dominate in all phases of its realization, there are various domains that may be exposed to certain risks. Substantial changes that influence the organizational structure of an institution always result in different issues ranging from increased costs to employees’ reduced drive and resistance to changes. A dedicated analysis is required to discover the most suitable solutions to issues that may arise.
One of the fundamental problems that should be tackled while executing the plan is focused on the employees’ perception of the effectiveness and urgent nature of the changes that the project plan suggests. Hence, it is of significant importance to provide all employees that may be impacted with a substantial body of proof demonstrating the advantages to a hospital in general. It is critical to reinforce the strong connection between a hospital’s performance and employees’ wages.
Considering the significance of actions outlined in the project plan, the sole concern that might make employees uneasy is their compensation. Factors such as lack of collaboration among the medical team, lack of drive in nurses, lack of a comprehensive approach, and lack of support organizations could be obstacles to holistic care (Babaei & Taleghani, 2019). Hence, employees who are most likely to face increased levels of pressure should be reassured with the accessible data on the ultimately positive results of the changes.
The subsequent obstacle that can significantly undermine the way the desired changes are executed is associated with deadlines. Although the project plan includes estimates of the time that is required for each step, it is evident that numerous unforeseen factors may lead to delays. Therefore, it is crucial to provide additional guidelines that will clarify to employees all the specifics of combining old and new methods. Sipes (2020) asserts that nursing education lacked informatics competencies; thus, current managers, administrators, or NEs may not be fully prepared to lead or utilize change in the use of health information technology. Therefore, motivating employees to actively engage in the execution of various stages of the plan and instructing them in basic IT skills should also be deemed essential for the eventual success.
Different innovative strategies and approaches should be employed while executing the project plan. White et al. (2021) mention meticulous planning, execution, assessment, and extensive dissemination among the measures that are crucial for a successful result. Dang et al. (2021) highlight the heightened significance of dissemination plans, audience-specific recommendations for internal and external dissemination venues, pros and cons of various types of dissemination. Thus, accumulating data and evidence continue to play a critical role in alleviating potential obstacles.
There are various barriers that may undermine the swift and effective execution of the project plan. Nonetheless, solutions provided in this work enable an improved comprehension of the strengths and weaknesses of the plan and may ultimately contribute to future changes. Therefore, it is essential to adhere to the original plan that incorporates provisions on the required actions if specific challenges arise. Nevertheless, additional endeavors are necessary to secure the payments, maintain employees engaged and motivated, and provide precise guidelines for instances when deadlines cannot be met.