The transgression of blackmail necessitates a criminal deed aspect and a criminal intent aspect. The criminal deed aspect typically suggests acquiring possessions of another by employing a menace to induce harm to the victim (Nikolić et al., 2017). The menace might pertain to the victim’s well-being (to provoke bodily harm), to possessions (to induce some harm on the victim's possessions), to the victim’s status (to expose some personal details). An instance is a criminal insisting a victim to remit them twenty thousand dollars, or they will circulate the victim’s private images. Nevertheless, some actions involving intimidation may not be viewed as the transgression of blackmail if they are not accompanied by the intent to steal.
Generally, the criminal intent aspect necessary for blackmail is the aim of acquiring funds or possessions that one is not lawfully possessing. Such particular intent must be present at the time of the menace to establish blackmail. Deliberate intent to execute the criminal deed and issuing the menace is adequate. It indicates that the actual pilfering of funds or possessions is not obligatory to perpetrate the offense of blackmail. Contemplating the prior example, if an individual requests another to lend twenty thousand dollars and subsequent to being denied threatens to disclose images – the criminal intent aspect necessary for blackmail is absent.
A potential defense against blackmail could be proof that the funds or possessions belonging to another individual and obtained with the application of menace are acquired rightfully, for instance, as reimbursement. Hence, if a worker does not receive the earnings and threatens the employer to cause harm to get a salary, technically, it is not deemed an offense of blackmail. To safeguard oneself from falling victim to such offenses, "educational programs that tackle associated facets, such as cyberbullying hazards, personal data security, preservation of digital proof, suitable responses to cyber menaces, and occurrence reporting" may be advantageous (Vasiu & Vasiu, 2020, p. 24). Such tactics are underscored as extortion has currently emerged as a prevalent transgression in cyberspace due to the accessibility of extensive digital technologies.