In his article for The Explicator, Stephen Slimp asserts that at the conclusion of “Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?,” Connie has “attained a depth of spirit” through her encounter with Arnold and that “Her shrieking, born of her encounter with malevolence, results in her attempting to establish a proper relationship with another human being—in this instance, her mother” (p. 180). Although I concur with Slimp that Connie desperately desires her mother as she comprehends the depth of malevolence Arnold embodies, the third and sixth passages of the tale suggest that the reason Connie finds herself in such a vulnerable situation initially and departs with Arnold at the end is that nothing in her social milieu has equipped her with effective defenses or support against him.
The story’s third passage demonstrates that Connie’s fragmented family failed to furnish her with any ethical instruction or defensive tactics against real malevolence. Instead of imparting a sense of right and wrong to her daughters or setting a good example, the mother either belittles or praises them based on their utility. Connie is admonished for her “trashy daydreams”, while her sister, June, is lauded for “assisting in cleaning the house and preparing meals” (Oates, 1966, p. 310). There is no effort to regulate Connie’s conduct or guide her in the right direction, only ceaseless verbal abuse that prompts Connie to desire “her mother was deceased and she herself was deceased and it was all over” (Oates, 1966, p. 310). Additionally, the girls’ workaholic father is wholly engrossed in his dinner and newspapers and does not “trouble speaking much to them” (Oates, 1966, p. 310). Consequently, June is emotionally stunted and still resides at home, while Connie defies her parents by engaging in sexually inappropriate relationships with older boys. Hence, an excessively critical mother and an emotionally remote father result in an emotionally neglected adolescent who lacks the psychological resources to defend herself.
The sixth passage depicts how Connie spends her time outside the house and illustrates how her lack of worldliness rendered her susceptible to Arnold’s predatory conduct. Connie has only garnered attention from high school boys; even that has been so infrequent that it felt “gratifying to be able to disregard” them (Oates, 1966, p. 311). She has not encountered older men and taught to discern their manipulations or how to seek assistance. Her parents left her entirely unequipped to confront or even be aware of malevolence, and up to that point, Connie had not been thrust into any situations that would impart that lesson through personal experience. She is so young that going to a “fly-infested” eatery “where older kids congregated” feels akin to entering a “hallowed building”, causing her to feel “breathless with daring” (Oates, 1966, p. 311). She is oblivious to any potential peril, only the excitement of finally mingling with adults. The depiction of her crossed ankles and “slender shoulders rigid with excitement” accentuates her youth masquerading as poised maturity (Oates, 1966, p. 311). By delineating Connie’s perception of these potentially perilous events, Oates portrays her innocence and social inexperience.
A critical examination of these two passages reveals that Connie succumbs to Arnold and departs with him at the conclusion of the tale due to her social inexperience and her family’s emotional neglect. These passages underscore the issue of neglected children that is at the core of the broader narrative. Her mother’s incessant criticism and father’s emotional unavailability undermined Connie’s self-esteem, and she lacks any moral fortitude or previously developed mechanisms to resist the older man’s threats and manipulative behavior. She does not perceive that she has any dependable parents or social institutions to shield her in this crisis because this is the first instance she has become cognizant of the existence of malevolence. Connie believes she is all alone, and thus perceives she has no option but to heed Arnold to protect her family. These two passages demonstrate how a person’s childhood and social milieu shape their capacity to withstand malevolence.
In conclusion, the third and sixth passages highlight how Connie’s disjointed family life and social inexperience influence her ultimate decision to depart with Arnold. Her father is engrossed in his work and disregards his daughters, while her mother is a fount of ceaseless verbal abuse. They do not bother to impart Connie with any form of moral instruction, leaving her unaware of any potential dangers or how to adequately handle them. This innocence is further compounded by her sheltered social existence, which has thus far been confined to high school boys and squalid restaurants. Oates illustrates how emotionally neglected children often willingly yield to malevolence because they lack self-esteem and have not been taught to discern better.