Abstract
Because of the escalating intricacy of making optimal business choices, organizations necessitate tools to comprehend current processes and act proactively. This work specifies tools utilized in this procedure: analysis methods applied to innovative solutions, cause-and-effect approach to risk assessment, and strategies of investment decision analysis. The United Arab Emirates has been efficient and prosperous in business decision analysis. This paper deliberates instances in which well-executed decisions have greatly enhanced organizational operations. The study will predominantly unveil crucial aspects and decision techniques while critically examining each of them to determine the viability of the techniques, particularly within the UAE context.
Descriptive, Predictive, and Prescriptive Analytics Techniques
Descriptive Analytics
Descriptive analytics embodies the technique focused on analyzing past data, providing insights that can aid organizations in making decisions. The analysis of formerly acquired data can be applied to determine what has occurred, which can then determine the probability of future events (Fahl, 2017). Descriptive analytics can assist with various population management tasks such as health data analytics (El Morr & Ali Hassan, 2019). Nonetheless, the use extends beyond the healthcare realm; most of the statistics used in daily business operations fall into the descriptive analysis category (Fahl, 2017). This analysis has been widely adopted and utilized in numerous businesses around the United Arab Emirates to resolve managerial issues.
Innovative solutions often arise as an organizational response to new challenges. In social sciences, descriptive analytics is used to analyze contemporary tasks when boundaries between the actual phenomenon and real life are not clear (Mahmood et al., 2019). This approach is utilized in UAE increasingly: for example, UAE has witnessed a rapid rise in technological diversity in the XXI century. Organizations face the inevitable complexity in distinguishing the present and anticipated changes, necessitating a scientific approach to problem-solving. Within the framework of decision science, a descriptive insight allowed to achieve the prospective solution.
The shift in technology has resulted in managerial issues within UAE. Hence, practical decision-making was essential to resolve the underlying problem. Specifically, organizations had to devise methods of utilizing the evolving technology to boost performance among employees. The use of descriptive analysis enabled UAE businesses to observe trends such as, for instance, average salaries in given years or individuals’ spending power (Fahl, 2017). Analyzing such data enabled to form a comprehensive evaluation and to meet the rising performance demands of the organization.
Predictive Analytics
Predictive analytics is the summarizing assessment technique that predominantly relies on predictive modeling. It is a method of acquiring information from already collected data and predicting behavioral patterns and trends (Fahl, 2017). Predictive modeling helps to minimize uncertainty not just in the future but also in the present and past (Fahl, 2017). Data-driven predictive analytics models identify patterns or relationships in historical data and then forecast the discovered relationships into the future (Greasley, 2019). Such an approach is convenient as it predicts an outcome that can enhance organizational ability to adjust their decision accordingly.
Predictive analytics in the business world mainly deals with experimental queries: for instance, predicting an organization’s annual revenue or a product demand at a future time. This approach can be used for problems that involve decision science, for instance, in online marketing. Recently, UAE faced several marketing challenges, which necessitated a change in its strategy (Alomar et al., 2020). Dubai, which has encountered an increase in tourism, struggled to showcase its products globally (Alomar et al., 2020). The predictive analysis technique has a profound impact on the ways organizations market their products to achieve global coverage.
Predictive analysis, however, is capable of solving much more intricate challenges than single-sentence queries. Decision-makers can effectively apply predictive analytics by carrying out the process of data mining and hypothesis testing (Dinesh Kumar, 2017). With the assistance of relevant variables, a statistical model can then be developed. Such models have been adopted to resolve performance-related challenges (Sun et al., 2021). Predictive modeling plays a significant role in performance evaluation, allowing for efficient metrics consideration and enhancing the accuracy of outcomes.
Prescriptive Analytics
Prescriptive analytics is the forefront of business analytics, which identifies the optimal solution for a problem or generally the best course of action. It predominantly relies on artificial intelligence to aid the decision-maker in identifying the optimal solution, given the problem context (Dinesh Kumar, 2017). This framework can produce several optimized alternatives depending on the problem complexity and within a reasonable period (Mahammed et al., 2018). Often, computer-generated solutions are highly efficient for resolving complex organizational challenges.
Organizations use prescriptive analytics to resolve complex optimization problems of the modern era. A recent analysis by Mahmood et al. (2019) disclosed that the UAE embraced this technique to analyze the rational use of medicine and prescription drugs within several local hospitals. For example, the study adopted a multicenter prospective cross-sectional comparative design to analyze four critical locations (Mahmood et al., 2019). The prescriptive analysis significantly influenced the decision and affirmed the importance of such strategies in minimizing the consequences of poly-pharmacy.
Figure 1. Fishbone cause-and-effect diagram evaluating data management risks
Data Management Risks’ Evaluation
A well-regulated and secure data management system is crucial for successfully maintaining a business. Breach of security is commonly attributed to human or machine aspects, and organizational flaws. Misplacement of data negatively impacts organizations’ operations since time and resources are diverted towards retrieving the lost information. Irreparable file loss often damages the operations and thus employees’ performance. Data loss occurs in several forms: it can happen through electronic erasure or physical damage to data storage. Whichever instance it is, all of them may render data unusable for the intended purposes.
While, in some cases, data loss is recoverable, there is no guarantee for recovering the entirety of data every time. Accidental file deletion has been a major data threat to some aspects of operations, especially when backing up files is not commonly practiced (Hubbard, 2020). Recoverable deletion mainly relies on artificial intelligence and backup sources; it also relies on costly and skills of the IT department experts. Both suffering the data loss and recovering the data may be substantially expensive.
The occurrence of data loss has resulted in catastrophic impacts, most notable including disruption of the organizational activities in terms of day-to-day operations. Several risks have been associated with data loss, which has proved costly for the organization to manage. For instance, there may be a 5% annual chance of a major data breach. If the breach occurs, there is a 90% chance the financial impact will be between $1 million and $20 million (Hubbard, 2020). Besides the cost factor, organization productivity suffers in data loss, particularly on the loss of production-related data.
Causes
Manpower Causes: Human Errors
Human resources cause is directly associated with people’s actions, whether it be employees, higher management, or any other human beings. Human errors are classified under two categories: intentional and unintentional errors. Intentional errors are purported actions: purposeful deletion of data from a computer system or leaking vital information to outsiders. Unintentional include accidental deletion of data or accidental sharing of files. Arguably, human error is managed by administering proper training to enhance human skills (Hubbard, 2020). Additionally