The initiation interlock setup is cost-effective throughout the states and helps prevent the considerable funds spent after road mishaps. Some states have established programs that support low-income customers with ignition interlock setup expenses. According to a report by Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD), setting up an ignition interlock costs roughly $70 to $150. Moreover, the tool monitoring and calibration expenses about $60 and $80. The overall annual cost of setup and calibration, involving breathalyzers' monitoring expenses, is $1000. The initiation interlock setup could aid in avoiding the costs of road accidents, covering medical charges, burial expenses, vehicle repairs, and conserving the funds lost due to decreased workplace efficiency.

Losing lives is costly to the victims' families, who are left to care for the orphans and close relatives of the deceased. Road accidents might include family providers who support their families' fundamental needs. Upon the provider's demise, the immediate family members become reliant on other family members. The deceased's families bear the burial expenses and care for the departed's offspring. In the United States, funeral expenses may rise as high as $7000, depending on the type of funeral services the family favors. The burial expenses are more costly than breathalyzers' setup expenses. Extending the financial requirements of the deceased's children to close family members is expensive as it involves extra spending. The victim's family is often left in financial difficulty upon their member's demise.

The utilization of breathalyzers among vehicles is economically advantageous as it aids in avoiding straining the financial expenses of road accidents. The U.S government has been at the forefront in advocating for affordable interlock initiation installation that helps avert road accidents. Additionally, the current setup cost of the breathalyzers is affordable among Americans with average income wages. Road accidents lead to death and property damage, including the vehicles involved. Loss of lives is also inevitable during fatal road accidents, causing sorrow and economic loss among the victims' families. The accidents may also result in lasting medical conditions that are costly to treat. Installing initiation interlock helps save the expenses incurred in medical bills, vehicle repairs, burial costs, among other outcomes of road accidents.

Breathalyzers assist in preventing road accidents that have enduring effects on the economy and victims' families' livelihoods. Losing a life has a long-term impact on the deceased families as they have to live without their loved ones. Furthermore, the family has to take on new responsibilities and discover financial resources, especially if the deceased was the family provider. Some road accidents have resulted in numerous students discontinuing school due to a lack of school fees. The children might have relied on their parents, who perished in the road accident. Dropping out of school might lead to involvement in crimes that could be costly to the deceased's family and the community at large. Installing breathalyzers in vehicles is advantageous as it helps the victims' families evade future expenses.

Interlock initiation setup is a valuable investment among countries as it helps prevent the future expenses of road accidents. The economic performance relies on the companies' efficiency. The companies depend on human resources who understand how to enhance the production system. Road accidents resulting in loss of lives may lead to losing essential professionals in the economic structure. The companies might be compelled to outsource similar services, which could be costly. A country with reduced road accident rates spends less money outsourcing public aid and medical equipment. Furthermore, the government will spend less money on orphanages. Hence, investing in breathalyzers' installation is valuable to the country and the victims' families as they prevent future expenses.

Numerous factors influence the acceptance of breathalyzers among the drivers. Through sensitivity analysis, factors such as the setup expenses, monthly recalibrating costs, government interventions, and individual perceptions may affect the rate of interlock initiation installation. Over time, the breathalyzer's setup expenses have drastically decreased to enable everyone to afford it. The breathalyzers were costly in the past compared to the present setup prices. Consequently, many drivers have been influenced to buy and install breathalyzers.

The U.S government has stepped in to reduce the cost of breathalyzers installation. Furthermore, the policymakers have actively participated in enacting laws against driving under the influence of alcohol. Different states in the U.S enforce penalties on those caught driving while intoxicated. The harsh penalties have influenced the drivers to set up the breathalyzers to prevent accidents and harming innocent pedestrians. Furthermore, personal traumatic experiences significantly impact the likelihood of installing breathalyzers. Drivers who have experienced road accidents but survived would set up the devices. The drivers who have lost family members to drunk driving would also install breathalyzers to prevent accidents. Several factors sensitized installation and adoption of breathalyzer uses among the drivers, and the elements may positively or negatively influence the installation process.