Contemporary metropolis planning examines how individuals interact with components of the metropolitan setting and one another. It aims to ascertain what a metropolis ought to be and satisfy the requirements of its residents. The metropolis configuration is significantly reliant on external elements such as climatic conditions, worldwide illnesses, and others. The issue for urban planners following the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic is how to make the metropolis immune to quarantine. The emerging demand emphasizes the significance of the subject for enhancing metropolis planning procedures concerning the COVID-19 pandemic that struck all major world metropolises (Kakderi, Oikonomaki, & Papadaki, 2021). Therefore, it is crucial to develop new strategies for more resistant urban layout. There is no setting that would ensure protection against infection with the virus. It is critical to envision how the populace moves around the metropolis in urban planning – this is also one of the pandemic teachings. Roughly 95 percent of all instances of COVID-19 in the initial months of the spread of the infection took place in metropolises (Batty, 2020). The pandemic has impoverished an additional 120 million individuals, and the quality of life worldwide has decreased by 23 percent (Pineda & Corburn, 2020). Throughout the pandemic, local authorities have been accountable for swiftly and decisively establishing a barrier to the virus. In numerous locations, municipal authorities have managed this duty admirably. Individuals who reside without fundamental conveniences become infected more easily and transfer the virus to others (Kakderi et al., 2021). Hence, it is imperative to establish daily living conditions for citizens, and for this, it is essential to combat inequality. Numerous megacities resolved to enforce restrictions by closing eateries, shopping centers, and other public facilities. Additionally, the authorities mandated isolation, which, it appeared, was not an optimal means of combating infections (Pineda & Corburn, 2020). In order to prevent individuals from social interaction, propaganda had to clarify that a person is not an ally to a person but a menace to health. On the contrary, public transportation could not have been excluded from the proper metropolis operation. Meanwhile, many metropolises have relied on a culture of interaction by introducing masks, social distancing, and vaccinations. Citizen self-organization, which was highly supported by local authorities, was perhaps the most efficient policy in the battle against the pandemic. Despite the measures implemented, urban regions have experienced significant changes since the onset of the coronavirus epidemic. Numerous enterprises went bankrupt and closed, vacating the streets. Additionally, one-fifth of the populace migrated to rural regions seeking more seclusion and safety (Pineda & Corburn, 2020). Nonetheless, there is a positive consequence as well – the metropolis roads have become less congested and polluted as citizens ceased going out daily. Even though it is impossible to completely redesign the metropolis for emergencies, it is essential to introduce measures to alleviate the potential consequences of a pandemic. For example, it is worthwhile to create multifunctional residential neighborhoods where all the indispensable services are within walking distance (Batty, 2020). This tactic will prevent residents from visiting overcrowded establishments and spreading the virus. Experts have examined the feasibility of a design that will permit commercial and residential structures to be situated nearby, including economical housing (Lennon, 2021). Such complexes can contribute to enhancing public health, ecology, and economic growth. Enhancing the self-sufficiency of housing can significantly reduce the burden on urban networks, waste disposal and recycling systems, water purification, as well as food production and delivery. Furthermore, it is indispensable to develop a legally binding spatial and temporal zoning of the urban area and introduce various modes of its utilization. It should be based on indicators of social distancing, the allowable concentration of individuals, and the duration of their collective presence in the same place (Lennon, 2021). Altering the opening hours of shops and establishments can be another alternative for simultaneously reducing the concentration of individuals in the same location. Ultimately, the collaboration between government representatives, civil society, and the private sector within the framework of a new social agreement would be the most successful initiative. Such an agreement should provide for the funding of citizens’ basic income, universal medical care, and affordable housing. This strategy could aid the vulnerable groups of the populace primarily. Should they lack accommodations, they will be compelled to dwell on the streets, which can contribute to a broader dissemination of infection. Hence, this policy is aimed at safeguarding public health. In conclusion, metropolis planning can be significantly impacted by the upsurge of a pandemic and disrupt the infrastructure. Despite the impossibility of preparing the metropolises for the emergence of pandemics, it is still crucial to introduce security measures to be implemented in case of an emergency. This policy should be aimed at reducing the number of individuals staying in the same place simultaneously. Overall, the major cities of the world have gleaned valuable lessons from the COVID-19 pandemic.