An individual ’ s conflict resolution capability plays a critical role in teamwork skill. As per the results of the proposed questionnaire, my ability to handle interpersonal problems is moderate since I have received a score of 15 out of 21. This outcome suggests that I am rather good at managing nonaged disagreements with non - critical differences in the conflicting parties ’ perspectives but may require professional assistance when confronting serious conflicts. From my perspective, the questionnaire was rather accurate in assessing my capability as a conflict intermediator. Firstly, the result aligns with my reactions to disagreements in real - life situations in workplace contexts and personal life. For me, it is relatively easy to negotiate and propose win - win result in disagreements that center on non - essential aspects of collaboration, such as the distribution of minor tasks and dissimilarities in work styles. However, in more complex situations that involve the need to consider parties ’ mutually exclusive interests, require radical behavioral changes, and take much time to be resolved, my contributions do not necessarily promote rapid consensus achievement. Secondly, the tool uses effective questions to measure the respondent ’ s abilities since it recognizes the influences of experience and attitudes towards conflicts on one ’ s capability instead of reducing it to the presence of formal training. With that in mind, I would assess the questionnaire positively. Finally, personal SWOT analysis is another useful tool for self - assessment. Some strengths peculiar to conflict management include my rather strong self - control skills, empathy, and experiences in communicating with culturally and socially diverse populations. Withal, the fear of open and aggressive confrontation can be considered as a weakness that might reduce my effectiveness in asserting my interests. The ability to observe more experienced negotiators in the workplace is the key opportunity that could support my self - improvement efforts, but it might involve the threat of adopting methods that only possess situational effectiveness. Base on the SWOT analysis, I have a temperate willingness to confront conflicts.