Introduction
Ethnic discrimination is a conviction in specific human beings who possess or exhibit different behavioral characteristics that align with inherited attributes. Racial disparities have also materialized in most American communities through the racial distinctions in the healthcare sector, insolvency, law enforcement aggression, housing advantages, joblessness rates, and imprisonment rates (Barkan, 2017). Consequently, this academic paper will explore racial and cultural disparity and healthcare as a societal issue.

Summary of the Article
In the news piece entitled “A history of race and racism in America,” racial inequality is seen as a type of American custom as black individuals earn nearly less than 23% in comparison to their fellow American counterparts. The black population in America also faces a higher likelihood of being imprisoned on a particular day. In the early 1991s, many black individuals were under the jurisdiction of the correctional system compared to colleges, universities, and other educational institutions (Kendi, 2017). Nevertheless, in recent years, there has been an uptick in social advancements and economic indicators. However, the nation still has a substantial amount of work to carry out and establish policies to provide black individuals with equal rights. The black community also strongly believes that one day they will have equal rights similar to their American counterparts (Kendi, 2017). Additionally, the majority of Americans tend to perceive that being white is a benefit in society. Simultaneously, nearly half of the populace in America asserts that being black or Hispanic impacts one’s capacity to progress.

Analysis of the Article Regarding Healthcare as a Societal Issue
Race is among the four social ideas that allude to inherited traits and attributes such as skin tone, facial features, and physique. In the US, it is relatively more evident for one to observe that individuals vary physically as some individuals tend to have dark skin. Conversely, some have fair skin, and this sometimes results in bias or racial disparity (Valdez & Golash-Boza, 2017). Ethnicity is another type of social idea; it is deemed as one of the most intricate forms of a social construct as it significantly influences personal identity and social interactions.

Prejudice and clichés are another type of social idea or construct as it encompasses a negative outlook, what someone perceives, or what one trusts. An instance of this is how certain individuals, particularly in the healthcare setting, believe that black Americans are substandard and do not merit top-notch healthcare services. The majority of black Americans experience unfavorable healthcare results compared to Caucasians, Asians, and even Hispanics. For instance, black women are about 3% more likely to perish due to maternal concerns than white women. Moreover, the infant mortality rate among black women per 1000 births surpasses that of the US, which stands at 5.8 (Barkan, 2017). Nonetheless, this statistic may fluctuate from one state to another. Nevertheless, social hierarchy is also a social construct that has a pivotal role in categorizing individuals and placing them in society. It also leads to various general disparities as it advocates for an unequal allocation of resources, fostering bias and racial and ethnic discrepancies.

Conclusion
Furthermore, black women also face a higher probability of being obese than white Americans. However, in numerous American hospitals, black individuals do not receive top-notch and optimal care compared to white individuals (Friesen & Blease, 2018). Kendi (2017) asserts that the Caucasians have a high likelihood of receiving services. As a result, African American individuals are unlikely to access potentially life-saving cardiac procedures, primarily because of their skin color.

In conclusion, racial and ethnic disparities in the bygone years were an American predicament as there were no suitable policies and regulations to address this issue. Nonetheless, following the 1960 protests and uprisings, the bias against black Americans became a subject of conversation. Besides, it is evident that racial and ethnic inequalities are exemplified through law enforcement aggression, earnings, education, and health data. Although there has been an uptick in diversity and social development in recent times.