There is adequate cause to believe that the two-nucleotide cipher developed to shape the current triplet genetic code. With this notion, one can infer that the amount of amino acids was marginally fewer than the current 20 because the two nucleotide ciphers could only represent 16 amino acids. Sixteen plausible permutations of the four nucleotide bases of the DNA would yield the 16 amino acids. Hence, it theorizes that the ancient primitive proteins consisted of fewer amino acids encoded by the two-nucleotide cipher. Moreover, removal or insertion mutation experiments of one or two nucleotides into a gene produced no protein (Frank & Froese, 2018). Nevertheless, the reading frame of the mRNA was repaired once a third nucleotide was omitted or inserted. Nonetheless, the present triplet genetic code involves 64 codons encoding for the twenty amino acids.
The genetic code is called degenerate, where a single amino acid can indicate more than one codon. Every codon indicates a single amino acid, while the amino acids can possess over two codons. For example, tryptophan and methionine have a single codon each except for UGA, UAG, and UAA termination codons. Isoleucine has three codons, valine, threonine, and glycine, proline, and alanine have four codons. Arginine, serine, and leucine have six codons, and the remaining nine amino acids have two codons (Frank & Froese, 2018). The genetic code's degeneracy attribute aids in demonstrating that in ancient times, there was a two-nucleotide cipher that interpreted into the 16 amino acids in primitive proteins. The initial two bases of each codon possess greater specificity than the third. The link between the mRNA and tRNA anticodon of the first two bases is frequently more robust. The third base loosely pairs with its corresponding anticodon base.
The DNA sample with a G + C content of 70 percent will require higher temperature than the G + C content of 45 percent to divide its strands. The DNA double helix stability that constitutes two complementary polynucleotide chains that interact via the hydrogen bonds depends on several factors. They encompass the length of the chains, sequence, base composition, and the presence of mismatches. A factor like alterations in temperature can further disturb this stability. A DNA sample with higher G + C content is more stable than the one with a low G + C content, as the G + C base pairs are more firmly bonded together (Piovesan et al., 2019). This heightened stability elevates its thermal melting temperature; thus, to attain such temperatures, more heat energy will be necessary during the denaturation process of separating the strands. This clarifies the high melting point of a high G + C content DNA.
When performing polymerase chain reactions, the denaturation temperatures in the separation of DNA double strands are established at 94-95 0 C. The denaturation temperatures will be at their utmost peak for the DNA samples with a higher G + C content composition to facilitate faster strand separation. The fixed time between 0.5 to 2.0 minutes will also extend to its maximum boundaries for the high G + C content DNA (Piovesan et al., 2019). These situations are credited to the stability of the DNA due to the high G + C content base pairing hydrogen bonds. The high stability heightens the melting temperatures of the high G + C content DNA that inevitably necessitates higher temperatures for denaturation of the bonds and an extended time to accomplish the process effectively. Therefore, factors such as a high G + C content composition and longer polynucleotide chains necessitate higher denaturation temperatures when compared to the low G + C content DNA samples.