As financial concepts, the ideas of earnings and prosperity are not to be mixed up. While earnings are used to indicate a total of money received regularly within a specific period, prosperity means net value (Fuller et al., 2020). From a democratic standpoint, social fairness necessitates equal allocation of funds, which raises the issue of whether financial fairness should be defined by the equality of earnings or that prosperity. Since fairness implies equal opportunities to exert influence within society, the level of prosperity seems to be the primary factor, defining prosperity to a significant degree, the earnings also play a major role in constructing democracy. 
When considering democracy as the chance for all citizens to engage in shaping state policies and gaining political influence, one could link prosperity to democracy. Indeed, given the reality that prosperity as a long-term asset defines the extent of one’s political influence within a community, equal distribution of prosperity implies the advancement of democracy (Mijs, 2021). However, one could argue that establishing equal prosperity is impossible without equal earnings. Namely, as long as earnings inequality remains a concern, poverty and, thus, severe prosperity inequality will persist as a social issue (Le et al., 2019). Therefore, it could be argued that democracy necessitates equality of prosperity, which, in turn, is grounded on the equality of earnings. 
While prosperity equality as the existence of equal opportunities to exert political power seems to be the fundamental factor in establishing democracy, earnings equality as the opportunity to accumulate wealth is also a factor. Therefore, though prosperity equality appears to be the critical factor in forming an egalitarian community, both concepts play a significantly large role in advancing the principles of democracy within a community. Consequently, both earnings equality as a short-term chance at acquiring power and prosperity equality as a long-term option for retaining it must be regulated accordingly.