Dreaming is a thrilling and still unexplained human encounter that happens completely in one’s mind during slumber. Before taking this class, I was doubtful about the significance of dreams. Indeed, I was largely swayed by the research that elucidated this phenomenon from the perspective of ongoing activity of people’s minds that handles daily routine during the night. However, after exploring various sources about our visions during sleep, I grasped the rationale behind less scientific interpretations. This course enabled me to be more observant of dreams to comprehend my emotional issues and assisted me in understanding the origins of students’ bad dreams.
The new data that intrigued me was the dreaming encounters of Jordanian students that mirrored those of their equivalents from Western nations. It was uncommon to discover from this section by Nasser & Bulkeley (2009) that negative dreams were recollected and reported more frequently. The majority of the participants’ nightmares had some connection with their everyday worries. Dreaming about features of the paranormal realm, like jinn, was the manifestation of these individuals’ cultural and religious convictions (Nasser & Bulkeley, 2009). Even though it is rational to assume that people’s behaviors and thoughts would manifest in their dreams, it was still captivating to read how their brains could reconstruct these ideas into lifelike images. I used to dream about book and movie characters, but I only recently acknowledged that my mind could fabricate fictitious scenarios involving me in these fictional tales. Analyzing my conduct in these nightmares disclosed that I distanced myself from my friends and felt isolated in dreams. Indeed, I realized that our brains might produce visions to equip us for comparable challenges in the future.
The prophetic dreams of some individuals remain an enigma, and I am less skeptical about these instances after reading Icelandic tales. Specifically, the essay by Heijnen (2005) prompted me to modify my perspective about dreaming. Before enrolling in this class, I could relate to those Icelanders, mentioned in the article by Heijnen (2005), who describe dreams as personal fantasies not worth much contemplation upon (p. 194). Although I did not become superstitious about nightmares after reading this manuscript, I started to be more cautious about the psychology behind occurrences that my friends or I may witness while asleep.
There is no certainty in the authenticity of the narratives presented in the essay, but numerous real-world illustrations of akin dreaming encounters exist today. Indeed, as I later uncovered, the stories of people conversing with the deceased or averting certain calamitous events are not unique to Iceland’s ancient culture. Many of my relatives shared their conversations with their departed partners or parents. However, I cannot embrace the notion of Icelanders that dreams are bestowed from the external world rather than generated in our brains (Heijnen, 2005). Nevertheless, this manuscript helped me recognize that science still cannot elucidate many events and behaviors; hence, I should remain receptive to various theories about human mental capability.
In essence, this class about dreaming aided me in understanding various viewpoints about this cerebral activity. I used to perceive dreams as processing information and encounters of our everyday lives. In reality, it is somewhat accurate because studies revealed that people dreamt about the same concerns but predominantly in a negative context, which could be elucidated by cultural restrictions and anticipation of an adverse outcome. The most confounding aspects of this phenomenon are people’s nightmares about the supernatural realm that are likely instigated by individuals’ beliefs, heightened by their imagination. These aspects are not ubiquitous worldwide, and therefore it is challenging to apply psychoanalytical principles to explain such visions. Overall, I believe that this aspect of human life demands further exploration that should engage experts in both scientific and non-scientific domains.