In the preface to his book, Drive-Thru Dreams: A Journey through the Heart of America’s Fast-Food Kingdom, Adam Chandler employs emotion as the central appeal to persuade the audience in the validity of his argument. The Fries that Bind narrates the tale of the happiness that was brought to a small Alaskan town by the fast-food giant Taco Bell. The utilization of vivid visuals and emphasis on evoking sentiments in his readers assist the author in achieving his objective and prompting reflection on the role fast-food culture plays in American society. The assertion that Chandler (2019) puts forth – that fast-food is an essential component of the American way of life – captivates the audience and motivates them to peruse the book. The anecdote presented in the introduction is reinforced by conclusive data and a brief historical review, as well as by listing various American regions and fast-food brands without which one cannot envision these areas. The target audience encompasses any American intrigued by the subject – of any age, sex, or ethnicity.
Eric Schlosser employs a strategy resembling Chandler’s in the introduction to his book, Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal. Emotion as a technique of persuading the audience in the argument he presents is utilized by Schlosser (2012) in a comparable manner: he recounts a captivating tale of the military installation in Colorado mountains. The lead-up to the facility’s rugged workers being dependent on fast-food chains to supply them food astonishes the reader and sparks their curiosity to delve into the rest of the book. Schlosser’s (2012) assertion is akin to the one Chandler (2019) posits: fast-food, its past, and impact on the United States’ national culture are impossible to disregard. Corroboration to the narrative is provided by a brief foreword, encapsulating the fast-food industry’s impact in truths and figures, as well as in the author’s rationale concerning the cultural influence it has exerted. The book is designed for every American who desires to learn more about the subject.