Drug dependency is a dreadful pandemic that ruins numerous lives, and thus many nations of the world are battling against drugs. Nonetheless, the techniques employed, inadequate data quality, and prejudices impacting the progression of the fight have adverse outcomes. Regulations against drugs have an unequal effect on national minorities, women, and other marginalized groups. Simultaneously, the origins of the addiction issue, rooted in poverty and social disparity, are frequently disregarded. In spite of all the risks of drugs, the battle against them should not deteriorate the living conditions for the populace and intensify injustice.
The issue of bigotry in America’s legal system is particularly severe. The American system is the most extensive globally and detains the most individuals. Meanwhile, individuals of color, notably African-Americans, are apprehended more frequently. Following detention, individuals of other races are more prone to being found guilty and given harsher penalties. Such unfairness is particularly evident in the drug scenario, where the number of offenses for various races is roughly equal (The Sentencing Project, 2018). The police allocate their resources concentrating on regions where they assume a crime is more probable, and strategies like “Broken Windows” and “Stop, Question, and Frisk” target people of color (The Sentencing Project, 2018). Considering the disproportionate poverty level, structural racism, and minor efforts to address these issues, the drug combat poses a heavier burden for minorities.
The combat against drugs also inequitably impacts women, especially women of color. Racial partiality is also pertinent to them, but numerous other challenges complement it. Women have inferior entry than men to therapy during detention (Drug Policy Alliance, n.d.). Child safeguarding policies combat drugs, and occasionally children can be separated from mothers solely on suspicion of their involvement in drug offenses (Drug Policy Alliance, n.d.). Conspiracy statutes are also harshly applied against women, enforcing penalties for not revealing the participation of a partner or family member in drug transactions (Drug Policy Alliance, n.d.). Consequently, existing regulations against drugs are biased against racial minorities and women.