The United States’ health protocols are distinct and designed to offer the nation with available and optimally efficient care. The choice to establish state rules also advantages the local residents and establishes the criteria for practitioners’ and physicians’ education and profession. Even though granting healthcare administration power for entities is relatively rare, rules enacted by local lawmakers are akin to European nations. For example, in the Netherlands, the regulation permits practitioners to suggest medication to the patients after finishing specific pharmacology programs and practicum hours (Maier, 2019). This document aims to contrast the Dutch and American prescriptive authority for nurses and recognize the role of international organizations in formulating policies to manage healthcare.

Prescriptive authority for nursing experts is extensively debated in the United States because of its advantages and drawbacks for patient results. While most states acknowledge that timely medication guidance enhances healthcare services' efficiency, there are various instances where substance abuse is viewed as correlated to the practitioners’ rights to dispense substances (Bodenheimer & Grumbach, 2020). Nevertheless, the prescriptive authority is evolving and broadening in most states, and the regulations about it are similar to European countries. Certainly, nursing practitioners from nations such as the Netherlands must acquire licensing based on particular educational and practical classes to offer the correct medication guidance.

The Dutch policy that governs prescriptive nursing authority is uniform for the entire nation in opposition to the American state-based regulatory power; however, these terms are relevant to countries’ political systems in general. In the Netherlands, a specialist can prescribe any medication within their expertise after obtaining at minimum a Master’s degree in nursing and finishing the additional pharmacology curriculum (De Bruijn-Geraets et al., 2018). Similarly, in American states with independent practice, a professional must graduate from certified educational classes to acquire the prescriptive authority. The key Dutch policy that regulates nursing is the Individual Health Care Professions Act (BIG), and all decision-making concerning practicing, licensing, and education is grounded on its statements (De Bruijn-Geraets et al., 2018). Conversely, in the United States, various legislations and boards, such as local Nursing Practice Acts and boards, exist to govern different aspects of the profession (Germack, 2021). The comparison disclosed that the Netherlands has a centralized and universal healthcare system regulation, and evaluating its effectiveness is informative for devising strategies for enforcing American states’ local policymaking.

International associations, such as the World Health Organization (WHO), are the propelling force of policymaking for countries’ healthcare systems. Indeed, WHO brings together scientists and health professionals from diverse cultures to supervise the related industries’ performance and tackle challenges (Maier, 2019). The most prominent illustration of WHO’s influence on formulating policy is the creation of regulations to combat the COVID-19 outbreak. Indeed, the organization set the safety and prevention standards, and governments globally utilized them to pass the legislation for healthcare systems’ regulation updates and adjust the professionals’ responsibilities and duties. Although WHO’s guidelines possess an advisory power, healthcare organizations and practitioners can leverage them to boost the services’ quality and integrate them into the policies.

Healthcare systems and the nursing occupation are managed differently in the United States and European countries, yet the Netherlands’ example exposes numerous resemblances in the policies. Specialists’ prescriptive authority is comprehensive for the Dutch experts, and American states’ local regulations incorporate the corresponding prerequisites. Global organizations, like WHO, are beneficial for healthcare policymaking because they supply evidence-based and unbiased resolutions for countries to enhance people’s well-being worldwide.