Economic globalisation is an unavoidable process due to numerous factors, but many individuals contend that it has an adverse impact on the progress of many nations or even the whole world. Nonetheless, globalisation positively affects the advancement of human society overall, even though some negative consequences are evident (Wade, 2004). Firstly, it is crucial to comprehend the advantages of economic globalisation to accept it rather than attempt to resist it.
Undoubtedly, economic globalisation allows individuals to trade more efficiently and effectively as they have access to various resources and markets. An entrepreneur in every corner of the globe can provide products and services to individuals from other continents with the assistance of technology. The abundance of ideas contributes to the development of new products improving people’s lives (Sen, 2012). Individuals, businesses, and nations can collaborate to carry out intricate projects.
Nevertheless, such issues as disparity are frequently brought up concerning economic globalisation. It is argued that globalisation is a display of western imperialism as affluent nations exploit the resources of developing nations (Sen, 2012). Consequently, critics of globalisation claim that poor nations become even more impoverished. However, it is observed that globalisation is not directly associated with poverty and equity (Wade, 2004). The incapacity of governments in poor nations to address corruption and the lack of adaptability to embrace new technological and cultural domains result in inequality. Furthermore, Sen (2012) emphasises that emerging nations can and will also gain from economic globalisation if specific actions are taken. Hence, technologically advanced nations must be accountable in terms of utilising resources (provided by developing nations), and developing nations must be dedicated to transformation and social stability within their borders (eradicating corruption and other problems). All in all, globalisation can enhance all societies and even help reduce inequality globally.